What do you think of the diphtheria vaccine?
For years they'd taken from the East nobody knows what spoils of gems, precious metals, silks, ivory, sir.
Mr. MacAllister, director of the Bellinger Metal Works, will meet you on your arrival at the central.
12024.
You better put those away. Put them in my checkbook drawer, behind that metal box.
They had it all worked out in their timetable.
The human cannonball will zoom
Krell metal.
Metal made as vulnerable as flesh.
Tomorrow's the coronation of the new King,
 The coronation?
You've undermined the whole base of metabolism of the building.
Surely now nothing can prevent his sending for us if only to attend his coronation as he did mine.
Bloody blue metal.
Is it true you're working for Umetani, Kurata's ally in Sasebo?
 Kametaro and his sister
Hey! Kametaro!
A sort of timetable of death no one can escape, unless they wish to be buried in the ground.
With parole as inducement, Virgil submits to the vaccine test.
No, I meant that metaphorically.
She doesn't want antimetabolites at all.
Of seeing shunt's work as a load of rubbish About railway timetables
we stick to our timetable. Now, go on, tell them.
lt's a space creature made of metallic elements.
Ooh, zoom in on the 16mil and hold her, enid.
Aldo, The road hog of the Revolution is a metaphor.
Whether or not being vulgar is being bad is a question for the metaphysicians.
But what if we block the nerve impulse by simply applying local pressure, which can be done with any ordinary metal clamp just at the swelling on the posterior nerve roots for, say five or six seconds?
And I was thrown out of NYU my freshman year for cheating on my metaphysics final.
Local health authorities suspect that rabies might be involved and have vaccinated everyone concerned.
I was playing Smetana. She put her head in my lap.
He was also not distracted by the idea of hieroglyphs as pictorial metaphors.
Such a cometary impact and fireball simulates all the effects of a 15megaton nuclear burst including the mushroom cloud, with one exception:
The vapor is blown back by the solar wind forming the cometary tail.
On the scale of such a solar system model I, me, a cometary nucleus would be smaller than a snowflake.
But the impact of a giant cometary nucleus like Halley's comet, let's say happens only every billion years or so.
Still farther in closer to the sun there are no more giant planets only a host of lesser worlds made of rock and metal some with a thin envelope of air.
Toxic metabolite stuff.
Coronary sclerosis, he said, and myodegeneratiocordis.
Hmm? They're eating the same thing as Metaimena.
You know how every piece of metal, no matter how sharp or smooth will leave a residue when it cuts.
If there's no response, let's move to hypertonic saline.  We have metastarch available.
The phrase was used metaphorically. I don't think our Lord
 Try the zoom.
No. It's just a metaphor. I don't feel comfortable.
The shock to Matusik's system caused a coronary, and she died.
We're down here on the third level in metallurgy just behind the back wall of your lab.
Metallurgy.
A little prelude to my coronation.
It has to weigh less than three ounces, be accurate to five hundredths of a second and pass a metal detector.
 when we argued metaphysics.
Just to let you know your parcel arrived safely on June 1 just in time for our Coronation Day celebrations.
Mrs. Riley, it's a chunk of metal. It's nine ounces of canned goods, most of it from your apartment.
I want a special count and lockdown right away.
I will go to the mountains, looking for metal ores which they will use.
All metal objects into the tray.
is to achieve a double oneness on the metaphysical plane.
Or perhaps even its metaphysics?
It's in her unique metabolism!
That was metal!  Hey!
The hostage had a coronary thrombosis
Pharmacology. He pioneered several vaccines.
Take away the metal and wires, you're just a couple chunks on a table.
Fellow workers of Dongsung Metal Works!
Fellow workers of Dongsung Metal Works
I don't know. We have to metabolize this shit out of our system or we're gonna be down for the rest of the night.
In fact, he's in charge of the current efforts right now the control metal.
These names have the Chinese symbol for metal.
It's like the palm of your hand, man. Zoom! Coming right at you.
And, as you saw, there's a metal ring lodged in the stomach.
No Metal in the microwave
And then we have it  Ethics Aristotélica, Short Guide for Metaphysical Works of  
We're zooming over here. This is the secret lane, nobody knows about it.
If it is a bomb, it's not metallic and there's no ticking sound.
The only thing I'll miss are the metal beds.
Zoom in on him.
If a person had a coronary or cerebral disorder the process would be more rapid.
If I had a coronary condition and a perfectly clean rag was placed in my mouth and pushed too far is it possible my cells would continue burning sugar after the rag was taken out?
We review all the literature, everything on fattyacid metabolism, every word published in the last decade.
This is not a Metallica concert.
This show will be like a heart attack. Just a huge, massive coronary.
Are you sure you don't have metal on you?
He was a metal press operator.
 You are sure of the timetable, Hastings?
I'll give you a box of coronas for it.
They're in that metal box!
How is this not metal?
 Zoom!
In testing the drug on chimpanzees with a history of miscarriages I found conclusively that in every instance the side effects observed were consistent with the behavioral and metabolic changes in subjects with normal unmedicated pregnancies:
We all wear masks, metaphorically speaking.
♪ Heavy metal thunder ♪ Mmm? Mmm.
In the year 2022, the international prison system is operated by private corporations.
There isn't any indication or diagnosis of coronary complications.
All we have to do is decrease his food intake and increase his metabolic output.
Heavy Metal meets House and Garden.
Your demands and timetable are unrealistic.
You're wasting some of that unrealistic timetable.
Okay, so what's another example of the poet using an ordinary, everyday image as a romantic metaphor?
The Ukraine.
You know what the Ukraine is?
I come from Ukraine. You not say Ukraine weak.
It's about Sally from Coronation Street.
One wood file, one metal file
Watch the metal. It's hot.
Rare? So is a coronary thrombosis in our family.
You mean I have to follow her to Ukraine?
Some treachery, at the council meeting  to pick the prince's coronation date.
Tomorrow has been prepared as a great feast day of coronation and requires only that we at this table say yes.
Would you consider the cinema of the Ukraine?
And any one of these systems, if set off, will activate an automatic lockdown.
Dicky, zoom in closer and track slowly on the next shot.
And then you dropped me on my head, metaphorically speaking.
Metabolic acidosis.
Look, thermal changes in the hull could've caused the metal to expand and contract rapidly, causing reverberations.
 Go to lockdown.
John is an anthropologist. He's in Brasil studying ancient tribes. Theis rituals, their environmetal social relations.
The glory of a British coronation.
Your appearance here has forced me to move up my timetable slightly.
Possibly caused by contact with metal.
And he says, Ooh, ooh I was just zooming down from Jersey in a guy's mustache on a motorcycle and I am frozen!
Three, end the lockdown.
What happened? What happened?  Lockdown.
Nice vest. I like the big metal buttons.
 I think we can forget the metaphor.
Zoom three MAG.
Cometary debris, pockets of unstable metreon gas.
You think when we get away from this metaphasic radiation, it'II change the way we feel?
It must be a metaphor, but I don't know what it is.
 It was only metaphor blood.
I was going for the metaphor.
It's called heavy metal!
Lockdown!
Lockdown.
IT EVENTUALLY METAMORPHOSES INTO A FLY.
The final stage of the metamorphosis requires a dark place.
The other side is Geology, Space Metallurgy, and Artefacts Study, where they're poring over your notes on that Heliopolis place, Dr. Jackson.
I had heard once that there was a place where all the scrapped remains of obsolete Gates were gathered along with scrap metal and abandoned spaceships and that there were people that started living there.
A giant metal monster.
Ah, the metal man. Jeez, you were scaring me there for a second.
Well, we got a limo with no license, and some scrap metal from whatever it was that broke into the lab.
Dirt, metals, plastics hubcaps, plants, musical strings medical tools, anything.
 It's metastasized in my bones.
Facility lockdown. Commence evacuation emergency procedures.  All personnel, evacuate facility.
Medieval troubadours brought it to Cuba where it underwent its second metamorphosis.
 Look! Right there! Zoom in on that.
I see a lot of fancy robots here today made of real shiny metal.
No lockdown, no inquiry, no memorial service.
You can't move tits if you're in lockdown 24l7.
Lockdown!
Whatever agent caused the Vorlix is gone, but its effects were pandemic.
DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY DOSES OF SMALLPOX VACCINE EXIST IN THE COUNTRY?
Amanda, you're going to roll this guy out in a show that makes the queen's coronation look like dinner theater.
!  Bazoomer dot com.
 Metaphorically, yes.
I can't take anything made of metal.
Clears metal detector nicely.
The word is metal.
If you start in on the war metaphors.
That machine that he uses there's a hoist. I want you to look for a plaque or a metal plate with some sort of logo on it.
 My orders from Washington are for a total lockdown until they arrive.
Don't get metaphory on me. We're going.
Lockdown!
Lockdown!
Geez, who let this guy through the metal detector?
Before we get too deep into this party, I want to thank Key Steel for letting us use their place of business to pay tribute to the metal created by none other than Steel Dragon!
Mmm? Cheap and metallic, like sucking on a greasy coin?
It sounds metallic. Could be an echo off one of the rocks.
I've often found upon the body a piece of this metal.
Damn! I left the vaccine at home.
Did we vaccinate you?
Can I have a Corona?
If we was on lockdown, I'd make you get on your knees and fix it.
Have a good evening, and if you find you're going to have a sudden coronary thrombosis, you should probably drive directly to the hospital.
Lockdown Records presents a HipHop Christmas.
The sugar will help you metabolize all those meds they've been giving you.
Thanks to a few pieces of metal and a most beautiful U.S. customs agent,
Please remove all personal metallic objects.
There's chains and metal and glass.
That  What is it? Nanomachine vaccine?
Lockdown is standard procedure until we get some answers.
All right, I assume you're all familiar with lockdown procedures.
Put the metal to the pedal to the other metal.
You're into Metallica.
CORONA, RIGHT?
ALL YOU KIND OF GUYS WEAR SO MUCH METAL,
Lockdown!
Lockdown. Let's go. Move it!
OF EMERALD CITY ARE ALREADY IN LOCKDOWN FOR THE NIGHT,
‫The headline says something ‫about a pandemic.
‫The Aschen vaccine had a ‫side effect. I don't know what.
‫Here. This word loosely translates ‫as medicine,vaccine,drug,
It's happening everywhere the antiageing vaccine has gone.
It'd be better without the floodlights and the metal detectors, but
Lockdown.
But now he has a mind of metal and wheels.
His metabolism is burning too fast.
I should be in DC, not chasing old ladies who set off metal detectors with knitting needles.
Go for the leather skirt. Oh, bazoombas!
 Go for the bazoombas.
One tiny piece of metal destroys everything.
Detective Sung said Brain's in lockdown at 12th precinct. I'm gonna get him.
The big guy's in lockdown, so it's hard to figure him for a police informant.
CRANKING METALLICA. MMMHMM.
EASY. YOU PUT SHARP METAL SPIKES ON THE TOP OF THE FIXTURES.
I MEAN, TO HER, THEY'RE JUST IDENTICAL, LITTLE METAL DISCS FULL OF ANNOYING SOUNDS THAT YOU ALPHABETIZE LIKE FILES IN AN OFFICE.
Somebody put steel pipes around the locks, then stuck metal rods inside the pipes, so my blades are just spinning.
He did it with steel pipes, metal rods, abrasives meet Dennis Griscom.
24hour urinary metanephrines? Righto.
Too bad. I adore a metal breastplate on a man.
What if these guys are using meteorite tattoos to speed up their metabolism?
Since when does standard procedure include metal detectors and HAZMAT suits?
West, the lockdown includes you.
Roger that, Control. Zion Control, stand by for Gate Three lockdown.
He's pissing metal.
But it wasn't long before his thoughts were back on his favorite subjects again, and in the midst of the storm they metamorphosed into articles and novels and great gatherings that'd listen in silence to Tom after the publication of yet another volume
What am I. scr.ap metal?
Give me a pole or a bar or something metalsomething big.
They should give us compensation for slow metabolisms, give us some kind of allowance.
Just because I have a high metabolism.
Let's kick some metal.
I was just playing the same old games, talking in sports metaphors which make her crazy, playing the wounded party, making her feel like a monster, and then
His final appearance on the show was May of 2023.
Prepare to give the scanners any metal objects in your pockets beforehand.
 Could've been grinding metal
And by Devil, I mean Robot Devil, and by Metaphorically, I mean get your coat.
Well, bite my shiny metal
Boosters for the anthrax vaccine.
And once they're vaccinated, the next step is getting the anthrax.
Dr. Croydon, would you be willing to take a blood test to prove that you haven't been exposed to anthrax or recently vaccinated for anthrax?
Elizabeth Hitchens has ever been vaccinated.
No, your son was just telling us about your vaccine program in Africa.
Fireballs zooming around the air, smashing into the ground right in front of you.
I have a slow metabolism, okay?
We will start with the bicoronal incision.
Could we at least discuss a timetable?
After the MRI I could move metal objects like a magnet.
I'm leaking to every newspaper in the known universe that Carrick's blocking military promotions, that he's doing it for a hunk of pork barrel, defenseindustrial scrap metal.
He's a slam dunk. Too many sports metaphors.
All digital. Four megapix, 16 megs of memory 3X optical, 4X digital zoom.
Bite my shiny metal ass could be a catchphrase.
Hey, Dad, bite my shiny metal ass!
Guys don't wanna jump your bones when you're a metalmouth.
Think of the structure below, the wood and metal that supports you.
It's great for your metabolism, if you're into that.
 Zoom in on the tram.
And zooming in to 17, 24, 9.
I guess I would take all the splintered wood and the shattered glass and the twisted metal and i'd mix it with my blood and my guts and i'd create this giant mixed media roadkill sculpture.
Sculptures, funny looking horses, bits of wood, metal
This ship, this precious hunk of metal, hooked up to a Cylon, that hits you where it hurts?
Surelly Radio Magallanes will be shut down and the calm metal of my voice will not get to you.
We did a trace metal test which revealed she held the gun, and her fingerprints were on the gun.
Trace metalled my client, did you test for powder residue on her hand?
Well, do you still have the big door knockers  metal with the chipped red paint?
YOU'RE WORSE THAN METALLICA!
I love the hot tip of my soldering iron as it liquefies metal and singes the wires
No one told me that putting a metal spike through it would be so uncomfortable.
That may work as a metaphor, ma'am, but you're really screwing up your entrée.
You must have a metaphor you want to use. Hit me with it.
No. Yes, I did, but I was using a metaphor.
And now I'm choosing to give a few underprivileged toddlers vaccinations.
That was quick. You have a timetable?
I read The Metamorphosis. You were right, it's great.
And Ukraine wasn't the only former state with an unpaid army and stockpiles of guns.
Primarily, this is because all I knew of Jewish people was that they paid Father very much currency in order to make vacations from America to Ukraine.
Welcome to Ukraine.
 It's metal.
The catalyst for this is you mentioning that Mr Jo used a 1000ft zoom lens magazine, so I also took a 1000ft long magazine and handheld it.
I was speaking metaphorically.
Who says you need metal?
 Balancing the benefits against the known risk of a coronary if he doesn't take it
Sex increases the chance of his having a coronary.
Pretty big coincidence, him dying of an apparent coronary.
We have no timetable for getting out.
locate a right place to waylay that metal.
valvular disease,mitral valve prolapse, stimulants, drugs and metabolic abnormalities.
Coronary artery bypass grafts and aortic aneurysms.
I thought it was a metaphor.
 Only way to stop count is a lockdown.
Looks like your lockdown idea didn't work out too good, huh?
[Metal Clanging]
Every alloy of metal, every method known to man.
All you're talking about is deathmetal music and bombs and stuff like that.
I was in a lockdown for 77 hours once.
I just got off with the Prime Minister. They're coordinating with the Ukraine on a search party in the Caspian, but she's already pointing fingers.
It sounds like the metaphor for the body as it orgasms.
This is a lockdown. Please remain behind the barriers.
Don't know. Maybe metasuppressants to subordinate blood characteristics.
Zoom lost his powers and his brother.
Well, there weren't any. My studies in metahuman psychophysiology have made Gamma treatments obsolete.
Cool. Zoom comics.
Mr. Zoom?
Our ships are in pursuit. Justice will be dispensed by cannonade and cutlass, and all manner of remorseless pieces of metal.
Is that some sort of heavyhanded metaphorical advice for me, Mr Pitt?
It's a little metal thing you put in your mouth and makes a twanging sound.
Heh! Metaphorically speaking of course!
Metal rings, ladies and gentlemen.
No, he got out of the building before the lockdown.
A pile of strategic metals that we need to build new ships.
I mean, metaphorically.
It's big metallic, it came from outer space.
All metal objects must be placed in a tray.
Handshake Breaks Vinick's Hand. I can't say without an xray, but I think you got a metacarpal fracture.
You don't think I will? I got that pandemic.
 Pandemic!
My mac, pandemic, blacktops right here.
It's a vaccine, we don't want him to get sick.
Fine doesn't know we're developing the vaccine here.
I wasn't vaccinated?
He ripped off her lab coat, and she grabbed his metallic extension. 
My mom's gonna have a coronary.
Onto these metal spikes. He lived.
Zoom in on this, will ya?
The metageeks who created you put you here to be their lab rat.
Spider monkeys see intricate metalwork as a display of dominance.
i'll be back for the vaccine on friday,father.
Why is it on your nametag?
Suzie couldn't physically start the lockdown. Gwen wouldn't have let her.
It's a stage 3 metastatic cancer. So
Okay? It's stage 3 metastatic  esophageal cancer.
You've mounted a crusade against a metal thing that shoots out water.
Tsumetaku warau sadame o ikiteyuku koto
All right,look,I meant that metaphor,you know, at more on the lines of dropping her home then sexual intercourse.
And the metaphors that they inspire,but
It's a metaphor, yeah? Yeah, you get it.
You'll probably need a moderate sized blast. The metal on that boat looked pretty worn.
Oh, so it's a metaphorical belt, right?
We have gone into immediate lockdown procedure.
The explosion at Lake Ryujin, based on the situation,  it's reasonable to think that it resulted from  a reaction between alkali metal and water.
Zoom in this direction. Hurry!
(HEAVY METAL MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO)
Cooks move fast. Sharp utensils, hot metal, keep your arms in.
Is that a metal detector?
Vanessa, this is nothing more than a big metal bee. It's got giant wings, huge engines.
Scientists are reporting that identifying the immunity gene is the first step in creating a cure to the pandemic.
Back. There! Zoom in.
Lockdown confirmed.
Sector one, lockdown.
Sector eight, lockdown.
Sector three, lockdown.
Vaccine test.
No, I mean, in a metaphorical sense, motherfucker.
We're both in the same boat. How's that for a metaphor?
If this place goes into lockdown, we'll be trapped.
Come on, man, I ain't got no metal on, I ain't got no handcuffs.
Of a massive multi media meta structure With participational, er
We were vaccinated against typhus. With the Soviets that means
What is the use of all these metal scraps?
See? Zoom in, zoom out.
Laura, the lockdown is just an insurance precaution for the hospital proper.
Your nametag.
You got me on lockdown. I'm bored out of my skull.
Chloe, Code Red emergency lockdown.
I'm instituting a levelone security lockdown.
Okay, Bobby mentioned that these suckers have a metabolism like an insect. All right, a real sweet tooth.
WHEN MICHELLE WAS BORN, YOU VACCINATED HER AGAINST POLIO, DIDN'T YOU?  YES.
There's nothing to do. It's metastasised.
Metalstorm.
You'd think we're planning a coronation instead of a christening.
Magic box is a metaphor, John.
They've both been vaccinated, but I'm up to my ears in oatmeal baths.
It's a metaphor, George.
Hypokalemic, hypochloremic, metabolic, alkalosis.
Ms. Archer, you have a coronary artery dissection.
Next lot, number 76, vaccinated over 60 days, life guarantee, IBR registered, she's from April and starting at 1,070. 1,070?
I won't be the bastard who brings metal down on the connors,so just go.
The package you've just received contains a small metal valve.
Okay, freeze that. Now zoom in on the front of the bus right there.
I'm gonna need a full lockdown on this level. No one gets in or out without going through me first.
You fight with knives and metal pipes, and you may go to jail after a job or two.
And it's black metal, not Norwegian.
Get ready to turn those clankers into scrap metal!
I think you meant it as a metaphor.
Can you zoom in and enhance?
Emergency lockdown. All personnel, please report to your workstations and remain there until further notice.
I think whoever they were started the fire so you would cancel the lockdown and open the doors.
A weapon you could get through a metal detector.
I'm confusing my metaphor.
I surmised that I could introduce an iridiumbased organometallic compound into the subject's brain.
I know that the soil beneath their land houses a naturally occurring metal alloy that is potentially hyperconductive.
Sweetheart, you're not in lockdown for might be.
Kind of a metaphor for life, isn't it, lad?
We process metals by melding and thermal spraying.
And the laser pointer was your tool for  estimating the stainless metal sheet's trajectory.
 It's a metamorphic rock.
He can outrun speeding missiles and burn through solid metal with his heat vision.
Bolt. Zoom, zoom.
Ten .45caliber full metal jackets.
I got the last big bloody cheeky bull in the big bloody metal ship!
It's a metal scope Victrola.
No cure. No vaccine.
So, I changed it and I put on heavy metal music.
I said I got it. That little piece of metal's gonna hold all this weight?
It's got a big metal cock for a handle. Grow up!
For example, eat metal.
We need to secure her in the first floor lockdown. Bill, we're clear.
We're on our way to the lockdown now.
Looking for a way past them to the lockdown.
Aaron, it's Jack. We're sealed off in the lockdown.
However, the area is adjacent to the ground floor lockdown, which we know the president was en route to.
We'd just be accelerating the timetable.
Have they found out anything that would give us an idea of the target or a timetable?
Sell the metal.
We are in total lockdown at this point.
Precious metals that we really value on the Earth‐‐ things like gold and platinum‐‐ they're called precious metals 'cause they're not around much.
When the Earth was originally being formed, it was molten, and a lot of the precious metals were drawn towards the center of the Earth.
Ancient astronaut theorists say yes and suggest that Earth is rich in another commodity that would be of great value to any advanced civilization looking to mine for precious metals liquid water.
Is it possible that extraterrestrial civilizations have come to Earth not only as refugees from planets orbiting dying stars but also to mine precious metals or abundant natural resources like water?
Lockdown!
And washers and nuts and bolts and screws and whatever little pieces of metal we can think of that is galvanized.
What kind of habitat can they survive in? What are the odds of this turning into a pandemic?
I love candy, sweet, sugary candy, from the second it touches my tongue to the moment it's metabolized by my stomach acid, so naturally I liked Willy Wonka.
That is not true,and I think we are dangerously close to no longer speaking in metaphor.
That, coupled with further staging tests, led to our final diagnosis of metastatic melanoma with mets to the liver, skin, and brain.
If your relatives invested wisely in precious metals.
As you can see, since Bender's death, requests to bite one's shiny metal ass are down 98%.
Bite my shiny metal ass.
Darby's got a cooker in old motor home, scrap metal yard off Manion
And, Hayley, your face will remain metalfree, like a good radio station.
Is the metal alive and well?
It looks like Jordan Kenley just had a massive coronary.
My hip shattered into a million pieces and they replaced it with metal.
 Vaccinations.
But it's a metaphor and metaphors are important.
My gold stars are a metaphor for me being a star.
So you're that Fullmetal Alchemist, Edward Elric!
Next time, Fullmetal Alchemist:
Welcome to our sacred order, Fullmetal Alchemist.
I'm the Fullmetal Alchemist, dammit!
Next time, Fullmetal Alchemist:
[NARRATOR] Fullmetal Alchemist. [SIG] I wonder if they're doing all right out there.
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Female, 22 years old, metastatic melanoma.
hey, sweetie, i'm a dope. i was in such a rush to get harrison organized i forgot my i.d. for the plane, so i'm zooming home for it.
Fullmetal
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Alchemy trapped you in that metal prison and yet you still have faith in it.
My foot is made of metal, you idiot!
I'm not sure what a metaphor is.
I'm the Fullmetal Alchemist. My name's Edward Elric
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Didn't I mention? The Fullmetal Alchemist and his brother are here. I found it disturbing
I was hoping that I might have a word with the Fullmetal Alchemist? [Ed sighs]
You're filled with water metaphors, aren't you?
It's exactly the same as Smith's arm Even this metal was sliced clean through.
And that means, very simply, a Dan Miller coronation.
 David, can you zoom in on it?
I can't go through a metal detector without ringing cherries. But that's cool.
This isn't gonna slow 'im down. You got any heavy metal?
 Kludd.  Metal Beak.
I'm not saying that from the ashes of captivity never has a greater Phoenix metaphor been personified in human history.
There's a Corona Light and some cheap tequila someone left here once.
Answer me, you metal head!
Fire of desire is raking up in metal
And a butane lighter and a spatula. Metal. Now.
Sir, just spoke to a witness who said he saw four men unloading the contents of a metal crate into a Yellow Cab.
You don't have any metal on you, do you?
Are you wearing any metal, carrying keys or change?
Any metal inside your body, pacemakers, pins, bullets?
Plans for the Coronation.
And, ladies, I don't wanna hear about chafing just because you're being forced to wear metal underwear not my problem.
Anything to do with metamorphic ability?
You're from the Ukraine? Yes.
Louis vuitton is doing metallic booties for spring.
 Oh. Hooray for metaphors.
Motorhead, Metallica, and the original cast recording of Wicked.
So, zoom, you're just jetting off to France?
Just now getting that metaphor. Okay.
Let's hope the vaccine works.
This party favor Is a vaccine to the botulinum.
They bury the meaning of their notes beneath a layer of metaphor and allegory
Is that so? Fullmetal's missing.
Because maybe it's a metaphor for your fake, jaded persona.
And zoomed in for a closer look.
You know what I like about metal furniture?
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
The vaccine trials the results have been really quite grotesque.
And now the young man will follow his heart straight into the lion's den. Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
I'm going to drop that metaphor.
Wipe my tiny metal ass!
It's a collection of short stories by Ray bradbury, based on the metafictive device of a man who's covered in tattoos, drawn by a woman from the future.
Zoom in on that.
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
Security cameras picked up a small man walking into the tunnel carrying a metallic box.
But what's responsible for this metamorphosis?
Probably a sodium metal.
Well Shirley, since you have clearly failed to grasp the central insipid metaphor of those Twilight books you devour, let me explain it to you.
No, it's a metaphor.
From someplace like legalzoom?
They point to a number of cultural myths that describe sky people coming to Earth in firebreathing dragons, or metalliclooking machines as proof of extraterrestrial visitation.
And that metaphor at the end?
Fullmetal!
Next time, Fullmetal Alchemist:
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood,
They have a very slow metabolism.
Well, then I'll have metal and sharp things brought in.
Is that some kind of a metaphor?
Metaphysical?
It's like a pandemic, you know?
Yeah, we're going in on a dissected coronary artery.
Is it t just a metaphor or are e dealing with a fundamental interpretation?
So this metallic library is still there in VON DANIKEN:
Not only that, we found that, in a lot of these objects, if they're hot enough, iron and other metals can be vaporized.
With ACT, we're able to zoom in with unprecedented detail on parts of the sky.
His body showed coronary atherosclerosis and auxocardia.
She got a live vaccine?
What do you mean by live vaccine?
Vaccines are divided between live and inactivated vaccine.
The coronary artery of the left ventricle was cut off.
Only when they are broken down well in our body, you can have a normal metabolism.
My cousin takes me to this party where this amazing cover band does this trash metal version of Hello by Lionel Richie.
Check your timetable 111 feet.
can you zoom in?
Greg. Change that nametag.
Not everyone's got this town on lockdown like I do.
How meta can you get?
Find more metal! China will be mine.
Everybody's down on the floor and we in lockdown.
No, you'll be in the ER forever. For what? Submetatarsal hematoma.
Mowahd reminded me that for a few months he was in 24hour lockdown.
I remember using a lot of metaphors back then.
Doctor Warren Blake was noted for his recent work in vaccinating thousands of people in underdeveloped countries.
Belly and I worked on a similar technique in the '70s when we were trying to vaccinate people without their knowledge.
The vaccine was based on an enzyme that the skelter beetle produced.
Your vaccine?
Is that what you're talking about? Your vaccine?
Can you zoom in?
Relax, b. You don't need sports metaphors.
Or or, like, a metal bikini?
It looks like scrap metal.
A utility truck gives you enough horsepower to keep you from getting left in the dust and a fullsize metal bumper that can take a pounding.
If you know which employees will be out of town, you can send a care package filled with metallic sodium to an empty office.
Uh, the river runs towards the Chesapeake at a rate of two miles an hour, would have hit incoming tidal flow uh, McGee, can you zoom in, please?
My best guess is some sort of metal chain.
There was dead bluegrass, and sheetmetal rust and some homeopathic oils.
Metal wheels.
I looked it up in the timetable.
Where's my free metal?
How do you feel about metal splinters to the eye?
So it's a lockdown. No one is allowed in and no one is allowed out.
She said that if you take a piece of metal with random scratches all over it and hold a flame up to the metal the scratches look like they're forming patterns circling around the light.
Metanec.
And we put this place on red alert, complete lockdown.
That's right, we're officially in lockdown, folks.
Who's gonna give him his vaccination?
I COMMAND THE COUNCIL TO MAKE ALL ARRANGEMENTS FOR MY CORONATION.
We add on some metal sheets
I have no doubt that you can tell me how to do a coronary artery bypass.
Your metabolic age is 67 years old.
But on the other side of that river is the Ukraine.
Well,yeah,but based on the level of metallic decomp Ducky found,
We refuse to support the coronation of another Mon Cala king.
Get closer to the metal objects, take a reading there now.
Paper armor is better than metal armor
That's pretty far from Corona, Queens.
Had the explorers actually found the location of the metal cauldrons?
All right, please step back and remove all metal objects out of your pockets.
Do the surgery. Offpump coronary bypass.
I just installed allnew metal detectors.
So, two men were beaten with a metal pipe in Philadelphia last night.
Since tami weighs about four times as much as the metal weights, she must move far closer to the center of mass to maintain balance.
Bimetallic selfrecording thermometer.
A metal Upa!
Do you still want a metal Upa? Still?
Even little Timmy is doing his part collecting scrap metal.
Full lockdown. They're going nowhere.
That's a lockdown.
The reader traces the chips by the metallic elements that comprise them.
I don't think the metaphorical lyrics gonna fly anymore.
In Cuba, the torturers used to have a device, two thin metal spikes, placed here, that they adjusted,
METALLIC THUD
Well, then isn't it possible that penicillin, vaccines and antibiotics are all actually answered prayers?
Now with the discovery of smallpox vaccine
Zoom in on the bridge.
 And was strong enough to leave a residual magnetic force in all metal objects in the vicinity.
Facility on lockdown.
Feeny, that's that steakhouse in Metairie, right?
Rib fractures, minute fragments of metal.
Me, I like a little more patina on my precious metal.
I'm speaking metaphorically.
Zoom in.
from a spontaneous coronary artery dissection.
Not just stay with you, I need to be on lockdown.
Meta, meta.
It's a metaphorical locker.
Asian metabolism.
Yeah.   I give them a metaphor.
Vaccinations?
That's right, a total lockdown.
Too bad you kids can't take the metal detector over to Caffrey's taffy factory.
Metabolical.
No! It's a metaphor, idiot!
Yeah, but I don't know its metabolism.
He's working to a timetable. He's working to a pattern.
No? No, 'cause he dropped dead of a coronary, 2010.
Glass and metal rain down from above! Okay!
No serial number or unique metallurgy.
Most importantly, this UnSub is working according to a specific timetable that corresponds with the Satanic calendar, and he has plans to kidnap another victim before the end of today.
So I'm trying to ascertain a metal or an alloy we can use for the suit's lining.
So, guy's old lady comes home while he's working underneath his ride, puts the pedal to the metal, and takes half his head off.
He's working to a timetable.
And there's no vaccine?
The timetable is killer.
An alloy of gold and other metals, minerals, argentite and chlorargyrite.
Dean pulled a piece of metal off of the table.
This is beyond you, metal man.
You have the Seal of Metatron.
Three is Corona. Four is Heineken.
Yeah, from the piece of metal you gave me.
It's a full lockdown. We're all locked inside.
Emergency lockdown initiated.
Pedal to the metal, Turbo.
One afternoon in August, the phone rang, while my sister Gracie and I were on the porch, shucking sweet corn into large metal buckets.
Tapioca started chewing metal buckets till his gums bled.
How are we gonna do that, with a falling bomb encased in metal, up in the air?
My father kept to his own timetable. Which was, I concede, erratic.
so the dwarves forged a chain, but not from metal.
Ready for what? Your sister's coronation, ma'am.
It's Coronation Day!
The coronation.
I've heard your album and it's really shitty mall metal
To a scrap metal dealer.
I'm sorry, I didn't realise that you had expert knowledge in dinosaur metabolic systems.
The good news, if you want to call it that, is the deadly metallic elements sank to the bottom, so the chemical contaminating the sea life isn't deadly to humans, just gamechanging for Inhumans.
We found a little piece of metal in Elise Nichols' clothes a shred from a pipe threader.
Bionic eyes, metal teeth
This rare metal can become an extremely important source of income for our country.
It's a metaphor.
You mean in a spiritual sense, metaphorically speaking
No, not a metaphor! It's as literal as it gets.
You can use your camera zoom.
I'm going to begin by shaving a short strip along the coronal incision instead of cutting off all of his hair.
If so, how could such a metaphysical plane of knowledge exist?
We have this son of a bitch on lockdown.
Should we now attend Edward's coronation?
This may be trivial, but how do you understand Anne's refusal to be fitted for your son's coronation?
Instead of a flu vaccine, boom.
Ann, how much flu vaccine does the hospital still have?
She's already on lockdown 'cause of the song. Shall I put her in an iron mask?
That is some metamadness.
due to watching the Coronation on the television set.
More or less everybody from the Agricultural College had gone home to celebrate the Coronation with their families.
According to the service records you were on call on Coronation Day, replacing ceramic insulators on telegraph poles out by Chinon Court.
But I could use a new camera, with a smoother zoom.
Or was it a perfect metaphor?
Well, you will be happy to know that our medical examiner tried your vaccine, and he's better.
The challenge is moving that much metal without a tow truck.
I didn't threaten to kill Ethan, detective. The dude you talked to, he used to play in a heavymetal band.
You mean this metal thing?
Shall I print out the bus timetable?
Area's on lockdown, sir.
I can, thanks to a metal shard that Ducky pulled from Hebner's body.
UM, I CALLED EARLIER ABOUT THE FREE VACCINATIONS THING.
Look, I welded a piece of metal to a piece of metal. Hi. I'm Tina.
Zoom in.
This isn't working. I'm coming!
Precious metal detected.
Precious metal detected. Hooray! We found it!
Imagine if they were metal.
Lock on it. Zoom in.
A rareearth metal.
Metal. Just metal.
Lockdown's ship has booby traps. Eyes open.
Lockdown will be in deep space before he realizes I'm gone.
Where's my space metal?
Chemical metal embrittlement.
Love the name. Very meta.
Yesiree, Bob. Time to zoom in on this one.
And pretty soon you realize you're in this kind of dead metal coffin, and if the weights don't come off, you're toast.
Sir, you need to lockdown the ship.
The mistakes that I made with the vaccine are an entirely different matter. That was an experiment. This test I am certain of 100%.
it will delay our timetable.
I'm gonna take a quick shower, and then we'll lockdown.
Security teams, confirm level lockdown. Release Dr. Jordan at once.
Dendi's Home L'viv, Ukraine
He didn't believe metamorphosis could physically take place, but that wouldn't stop him from trying to achieve it.
Well, I figured a parley behind the confines of metal detectors might keep everybody's mind on what's important.
We're pursuing every known buyer of Chitauri metals around the globe.
With possibly half the world's population dead or dying, rumors that the US is hoarding a vaccine continue to swirl.
So it no longer needs to mutate, which makes it stable and easier to defeat with a vaccine.
The crude design and improvised metallic ink suggest that it was acquired in prison.
So these aren't side effects from the vaccine.
Every day we don't come home with a vaccine is a day another half a million people die.
You want to keep the vaccine for yourself?
Doctor, Admiral Ruskov said he had something you don't, something you can't make the vaccine without.
That timetable was not a timetable. That was a poem.
But one of these could be the vaccine.
I increased the concentration of her vaccine and gave her some epinephrine, though I can't say that I am altogether hopeful.
Before, when you were arguing with the captain, you said you made some mistakes with the vaccine.
Her vaccine is failing, and the captain is covering it up.
Do you think that's why captain called for the lockdown?
A makeshift lab that was never meant to support production of a vaccine,
I saw you after lockdown.
Commander, United States Navy, serial number 4242022634.
This vaccine your Dr. Scott has developed is now the single greatest commodity in the world.
Commander, United States Navy, serial number 4242022634.
My dad's gonna flip for this scrap metal. My kingdom for a soda can.
That is, how to harvest a crop, to to make metal and so on
We're looking for a cure in something that might actually be nothing more than a proverb or a metaphor.
The caves were apparently sealed up, metal doors and gates put over them.
Zoom, zoom.
Expect the lockdown to be lifted by tomorrow.
Rescinding the lockdown.
The miracle of metamorphosis.
No, that's metamorphosis!
The Ulysses is still on lockdown.
Oh, no, the jock itch vaccine must've turned the players into zombies.
This bruising on her arms, fracture to the metacarpal.
You just worry about being strapped in a giant metal tube 30,000 feet in the air.
Maybe he's on a timetable and couldn't wait for a lone victim.
Zoom in there for a sec, Jay.
The sticker on that waterproof notebook has the same logo on it as a metal box I saw sinking in the wreckage.
How does it help him generate metaphor?  OK  Do you see what I mean?
It's through the doing and the redoing of all those calling and answering elements that Turner makes light on the Thames into such a tremendous metaphor.
and who wrote the wonderful Metamorphoses.
Tim wants to give us the Coronado training contract no bid required.
I am sure they would just love to send you back home, have you stand trial in the Ukraine.
I whipped up these high calorie protein bars for you to keep your metabolism up.
Your metabolism will burn right through it.
The Song coronation draws near.
Yeah. I was affected by one of the metahumans. He messed with my head.
Lockdown's over.
You start with an offcolor joke and then you hit him with some flattery, then you push the envelope with something insulting, and just when it's about to go too far, you suddenly turn sweet and find the perfect metaphor to pull it all together.
Is that how this all started, because Leo got vaccinations?
If we know that metahumans were created by the particle accelerator and testimony shows that a metahuman may have been involved in the murder of Barry Allen's mother 14 years ago, it seems to me that
This metahuman doesn't electrocute people;
And that's not a playful metaphor.
Edward Jenner is credited with curing smallpox, but in order to do that, he infected healthy children to prove his vaccine.
Al, she's got the vaccine and the virus!
Uh, Aram, can you zoom in on number 4?
Only metaphorically.
Shipping timetables, port security codes, pettycash drops for the hijackers.
Just got off with the cdc, They'll start a vaccine protocol.
Promise me the horse is a metaphor.
Okay, everyone, we are in lockdown, which means no one can come in or out of the precinct.
We missed the target yesterday, so I need to accelerate the timetable.
Among them is an order from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court requiring Verizon to hand over metadata from millions of Americans' phone calls to the FBI and NSA.
Now, what is it that the pipe is being used as metaphor for?
He said that the CEO was correct, he did not commit suicide, but died due to coronary artery disease.
Coronary artery disease
Following the separation timetable, I have to leave. 
Zoom in.
So in the metaphor, do you think I won or lost?
That's metal residue left over after the construction of large objects like the Golden Gate
Your clunky metal suits are going to be left in the dust.
When the dust settles, the only thing living in this world will be metal.
I'm not paying for metal that I haven't gotten.
He was the best.
He grabs the iron bars pulling and shaking them, bending the metal and tearing the bars from the wall.
ARE YOU SAYING THEY USE IT IN THE CORONATION?
UM, IS IT TRUE THAT WE ALL GET TO GO TO YOUR CORONATION?
Um, there's a big coronation coming up.
Atlast,hereweare,  broadcastinglive fromthecoronation, wherePrinceBenjamin willsoonbe crownedking!
It's made to see the Hermes in orbit, not a little piece of metal put in a single suit.
And it goes all the way to 2022.
What the villagers saw as evidence of evil was actually the scar of a smallpox vaccination.
Most likely made of metal.
Your body metabolizes the proteins. You become a champion.
We can't risk the metal detectors picking up 'the blasting caps and weapons.
remission, metastasis,
I hope that's a metaphor.
Learned more about pandemics, terrorist threats and aliens than anyone should know, if they ever want to sleep at night.
Metal needles were inserted into the brain and electricity was applied to his frontal lobes.
The metamata whatever? Theo was married to lily.
Anybody with common sense can see that the lyrics are just metaphors. Exactly.
Vaccinations have been ordered. Quarantine's been lifted.
But any event, he badly hurt an innocent man and we have hunted metahumans for less.
He's not some metahuman with super powers.
Man, you gotta zoom ii.
What's that right there? Zoom in on that.
Finding a cure or making a vaccine is nearly impossible.
Someone's been very busy over here doing some metal filing.
Finding a cure or making a vaccine is nearly impossible, but what we can do is take everything we know about how to stop an epidemic and use that knowledge
Ukraine?
Zooming in.
ROGER THAT. GOOD LUCK. [ METAL CLANKS ]
SO THE VACCINE YOUR DOCTOR GAVE ME, YOU SURE IT WORKS?
Show me the coronal view?
The hill is a metaphor.
Everything is a metaphor.
Happiness is a metaphor
Metatron may or may not know something, and maybe Cass is onto something with Cain  maybe.
I would think this meta was really cool if everything about him didn't just terrify me to my core.
What? But I pedaled all this way to put the pedal to the metal.
Is there a timetable?
You zoom in to see if they scan all the items, if they let a cart go by with items still inside,
Do you know what a vaccine is?
I've thought about adding an extra component to the outer coat to prevent the vaccine from drying out.
I'd like to have a plan as to how we'll engineer the spore protein into the vaccine once the mussels arrive.
What, you think I'm one of those metahuman freaks?
It's gonna be a lot harder to take down Zoom.
Zoom was obsessed with destroying me.
How many innocents died in the search for the smallpox vaccine?
What is the Ukraine?
Sorry, no. I can zoom in a little, but that's about it.
Like a magneexposed to other metals.
ideal metaphor for loneliness.
If Zoom's using these breaches to transport people from Earth2, maybe it takes a speedster.
Maybe we should transfer him to the metahuman wing anyway.
Yeah, I was reading his file on the flight liquefies metal.
Alien metals have different properties.
Ice expands. Metal doesn't.
I don't think this guy's a metahuman. There's something different about him, something, ah, mystical.
This is a formula meant to increase a speedster's velocity that I've been developing since Zoom showed up on my Earth.
Over the next two years, artifacts are recovered from the wreckage and among them are the remains of a coralencrusted metal box that dates back to the second century BC.
It is named for the Greek god of metallurgy,
But Morgan's metaphor still applies here.
And right in the middle of it, there's a very interesting object that as you zoom up on it, it begins to look more and more like a human head.
No, really. Use a metaphor to compare your dad to a crow.
Well, get it on lockdown.
It's a metaphor!
about attacking our Ukraine interests.
After his arrest, perhaps he will tell us who he employed to help him smuggle it past the metal detectors.
An all new, completely redesigned, highend, luxury, metal lizard!
Russia's entire playbook for the invasion of Ukraine.
His best friend Tommy Ryan lost half a finger in a sheet metal press.
There are memes all over BuzzFeed about Russia going nuclear over Ukraine.
Now the United States and Ukraine are ready to sign this agreement.
Meta who?
All aspects of metallurgy use it.
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Ladies and gentlemen, the president of Ukraine!
Where will this mighty handful, without political skill and core education, take Ukraine?
Sergei Viktorovich, you need to convey Ukraine's position on the matter.
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
In Ukraine, there's widespread tax evasion.
The whole crew got one bucket of road metal!
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
the retirement age hike was an International Monetary Fund requirement for Ukraine to receive money.
After that, Ukraine has the chance to enter the European Union.
Presidents of Ukraine.
Presidents of Ukraine.
Anywhere. Just not to Ukraine!
PRIME MINISTER OF UKRAINE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
The deputy culture minister of Ukraine was detained days ago.
Of Ukraine?
Actually, we're the Conductors of the Metaphysical
Well, that sounds like an illusional metaphysious, spectromian.
You know what a problem with a metahuman is?
You mean, the Coronation?
And that all of my attempts to prevent him from initiating a worldwide pandemic have failed because of you?
We have to generate a metagenome sequence first to get an idea of what we're dealing with.
Word is the safe was made from cheap metal, and it bowed.
The sound of metal orbs clanging against one another.
I keep up to date on all my vaccinations.
That's got to be a metaphor for something.
They've been participating in a series of lockdowns to prepare for an eventual mission.
Mmmhmm, they were locked in last week, got out Friday, had a furlough over the weekend, and started a new lockdown at 6:00 this morning.
I can't interrupt the lockdown.
Well, it's the law. Plus it's a metaphor.
Forgive me, I occasionally struggle with metaphor.
Earth metals? Downwards from row two.
I am producing a test batch of a vaccine and she is the main ingredient.
The fungus metabolises your oxygen for you.
It's a virus within a virus that was put there through the smallpox vaccine.
 Shut it, metalmouth.
These images would prove to be a metaphor for the yellowstone murders.
Elon Musk.
Some say that's Fidalgo's ghost dragging his metal hook along the walls, begging the demons to stop, but they never do, and he's back looking for his next victim!
Earth, metal, water. The cycle.
It's clean metal.
Scrap Metal Dealers of Repute.
Shadowspire's got the entire area around CandC in lockdown.
Fitz, it's the lockdown. We can't 
We could find Zoom, get the jump on him.
Did you just number close the nametag girl?
You eat with me. You were military before the pandemic.
I don't open safes, I drill metal.
He was soldering metal on some scaffolding, but they found earth in his lungs?
Look, if we're not back in 48 hours, that means that Zoom has us.
The latest attack was orchestrated by Zoom, and we understand that citizens of Central City are scared, but I can assure you the CCPD
My metahuman alert app. It thinks that you're a metahuman.
and we only have so many of those left before Zoom needs the speed.
Then it's not long before Zoom does too, and then my daughter's dead, and that's on you.
No. No, Zoom doesn't do anything by accident. Did he follow you here?
A meta like Killer Frost?
Yeah, maybe, but Zoom kept her alive yesterday because she always obeys him.
You know, if Zoom catches you, he's gonna hurt you again.
You guys need to get out of Central City, all right? Any place you think you'll be safe from Zoom?
You're part of the lockdown. Yeah.
There is currently no vaccine, there is no cure, and it has thus far proven to have a mortality rate of 100%.
OK, so, who remembers what we know about a vaccine versus a treatment?
There is, currently, no vaccine and it has thus far proven to have a mortality rate of 100%.
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me.
Zoom is too powerful.
Zoom had you.
Forget about the breaches, forget about Zoom.
Zoom does not care for anyone.
What if we could stop Zoom through a vibe somehow?
Zoom? Did you see Zoom?
But Zoom's here. And until he's taken care of, this is what we're doing.
Then why wouldn't we know about other metahumans here?
Good. Last thing we need is more metahumans running around Central City.
Now, I believe that you will be a firefighter again, just on my timetable, not yours.
More and more tires and pieces of metal, and just absolutely disregard for the bottom, really.
And in doing so, they interfere with very many bodily processes growth, metabolism, reproduction, and critically, early development.
Dad, do you really think that he's a metahuman?
Okay, uh, side note, you both might wanna be on this side of the room, especially if you're wearing any jewelry or you have any metal plates in your body?
We just beat Zoom.
I was clearly establishing a poker metaphor, you just changed it to a game of chicken.
That's a mixed metaphor.
I'd rather have a bunch of fake friends than be best friends with a fucking metal box.
I also know that no one will bring up your resignation while you are actively engaged in planning the Coronation.
Let us give her a coronation that is befitting of the wind of change that she represents, modern and forwardlooking at a moment in time where exciting technological developments are making things possible we never dreamt of.
The things that save the most people, disinfectants, antibiotics, and vaccinations are all inexpensive medicines.
When will we be getting the vaccine we asked for?
It'll come with the vaccines.
Stop acting superior All you did was give a few vaccinations and took some pictures
So, just to be clear, my wife is the car in your metaphor?
Yeah, you see that tiny piece of metal in there?
The Coronas are staying in Florence.
Okay, okay, enough metaphoric violence.
It's pretty fucking metal though, and I don't know if you're gonna be able to deal after the whole Gideon thing.
Job's not done, son. [ Metal clangs, thuds ]
Sorry! I dropped my RayBans. (metallic humming) What's that sound?
 This is what happens when you don't vaccinate.
I need a tenletter word for polished metal.
I also know that it gets metabolized into cyanide, which can be extremely toxic.
Taking down metahumans together.
Just keep rewinding. Zoom in.
Zoom in on the license plate.
But my vaccine didn't work, and Mick got turned into one of those things.
The vaccine wasn't effective when we injected Mick.
We've spread the vaccine our friends worked up.
Because none of you are metahumans.
Then it was metahumans, and I can handle that.
After defeating Zoom and saving the multiverse,
IQ, problemsolving skills, anything that our team will need to combat threats, metahuman or otherwise.
I'm also gonna try to find our metahumans that apparently no one else cares about right now.
After defeating Zoom and saving the multiverse,
Your metahuman power dampening cuffs?
Well, we had a metahominid on my planet.
A female metahuman attacked the precinct, took Julian Albert hostage.
He's gonna need your medical expertise, your experience with metas.
First metahumans, then magic, and now you can add into the mix zombies.
Nothing. I just didn't know there were flying metahumans now.
Yeah, Supergirl's not a meta, she's an alien.
This looks like scrap metal.
Nathan James, rendezvous with tugs, vicinity of Coronado Bridge, Moor port side, Pier 3, berth 1.
Did she get vaccinated or no?
Creating metas. Creating metahumans.
I shall restore the powers of all the metas from Flashpoint.
Uh, yo, metal mouth.
It's it's how he controlled Julian, it's how he's created more metas.
Zoom in to the edge of the seat.
I can't keep track of all these elaborate metaphors.
I thought it was a sexual metaphor.
It's part of my metamorphosis.
Facility's on lockdown. You won't be able to enter the grounds today.
Wait, if the mine was in ukraine,
There is a metaphysical connection to the most significant technological breakthroughs.
I wasn't a lawyer. I never went to the Ukraine.
Metallo.
If they turned John Corben into Metallo, what do you think they've done with him?
Fivehundred words on the dual Metallo attacks in Metropolis and National City with eyewitness accounts, comments from police sources and zero adjectives, all thoroughly vetted and verified.
It appears all of the lemurs have been magnetized and are now stuck to all of this metal junk!
And out of the sky drops this piece of metal into the lake.
They're hiding something. We need everything on lockdown.
If I have to track down that bastard and make the damn vaccine myself.
WITHOUT HESITATION, HOWARD ZOOMS IN.
For example, the mineral and metallic composition of the material on the Moon is not like anything that we see on Earth, and the apparent age of the Moon seems to be greater than the actual age of our solar system.
Come on. All right, now each of you will receive a dose of vaccine.
Why don't you revaccinate him or bite him?
You know how to fix iPad lockdown? Huh?
Do you know anything about a metal box?
We need to assume they're going to move up their timetable rather than passing up a payday.
You just can't make up vaccination dates and put them on official school documents.
It's metallic green. It came off of a '72 Skylark.
A lot of metals, when you make them strong, become very brittle.
It's an Electronic Metals Tester. I had it flown in from Tampa special.
Zoom in on the wrist, Garcia.
In addition to the metal detectors, I'm gonna give you these rock hammers.
It's from a precious metal and rare coin dealer.
I didn't let this building rot to the point where it's dangerous, I didn't put liquid metal in those pipes.
Can you zoom in on their license plate?
That man there, please zoom in on him.
Ha! No, Jimmy, no, not zoom!
Hey, hey. Don't say zoom. That's mine.
There are metal detectors in the lobby, so, no guns.
What's the code for the big metal door?
But they didn't say anything about pulling out the outlet entirely and sticking something metal into the empty space behind it so you could get to the electrical wiring hidden in the wall of the room you're locked inside.
Then let's go to the metal cooking plates for the first time in a long time.
Are you going to be able to lift up metal balls later?
The President of Ukraine, Vasily Petrovich Goloborodko.
Then the whole world, not only Ukrainians, will say, Glory to Ukraine!
Time is of the essence, Daddyo. Put the pedal to the metal!
Mr. Minister, tell me at least one reason why we should support visa waiver regime for Ukraine.
Do you know the answer to the question, will Ukraine get a novisa regime?
Today Ukraine tops the list of sunflower oil producers.
Did Ukraine get
Dmitry Vasilievich is a professional, an economist with vast experience in private sector and the National bank of Ukraine.
Adopting these laws is a mandatory condition of IMF for Ukraine to receive a 15 billion loan.
First, I assure you, and the people of Ukraine, that I will personally control each spent cent of that loan.
Dear People's Deputies, the legislative package suggested by the President of Ukraine, is put to the vote.
Welcome to Ukraine.
Otrada, one of the biggest banks of Ukraine, is acting up.
Glory to Ukraine!
Ukraine's glory has not yet died
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Extraordinary elections of the President will now take place in Ukraine.
For five years. You'll have to stay in Ukraine for five years.
Ukraine is above everything!
I'll give your land back. I'll save Ukraine.
Attract the votes of the ethnic minorities of Ukraine.
UKRAINE FOR GOLOBORODKO
At the moment, an epidemic of meningitis is announced in Ukraine.
To kill Ukraine?
Now, the time has come to save Ukraine.
Ukraine shall be without Goloborodko!
Ukraine did receive the longawaited loan from the IMF.
So please meet Surikov Dmitry Vasilievich, candidate for the Presidency, the current Prime Minister of Ukraine!
But Kyiv is not the entire Ukraine.
Initiating Lockdown procedure.
Yeah, no, I understand metaphor.
Yeah, you also used the same metaphor
Here are a few announcements. Today's lockdown will occur at 1600
Everyone's chasing her empty promises about this vaccine.
Uncharted metagalactic travel through a volatile cosmic gateway.
It's metaphor.
Your mind has created the perfect metaphor.
The metal's too thick.
Because you don't have two ounces of gray matter bouncing around inside that hollow metal on top of your shoulder.
'Anticipating the coronation day, people awaited the occasion.'
Just Dance, then boogie over to Dropbox, catch the link, and zoom.
Is that a metaphor?
What about that metal door we found? What about it?
We thought that was just a metaphor until we saw her in The Crucible.
I get the motivation, I get the metaphors, right?
Very good use of an extended metaphor.
Hey, you want to get burned by molten metal?
We noticed that you've been putting scrap metal in the blue bin.
This Moon Tower, Morty, is the perfect height and metallic composition for the amplification and beaming of toxic energies.
It's in lockdown, but the code is 6969.
Kibo wasn't designed for strict firewall lockdown and neither was the station.
Their hull is covered in hollow ornamental metallic pods, thousands of them, tightly interlocked, forming a kind of armor.
Mixing metaphors isn't going to solve anything.
HE'S A METAHUMAN, TOO.
And I, uh, I thought maybe I shouldn't use any metaphors.
It's a privilege to meet the famous Fullmetal Alchemist.
Stop. Zoom in.
You thought that Thawne and Zoom were your biggest foes, but
You just want your own personal metahuman specialist to try and find you a cure.
Well, 2024 is a long ways away.
This shipwreck story, it's political, metaphorical, romantic
Andreas Gruentzig performed the first coronary angioplasty, on September 16th, 1977.
In the four decades that have passed since that first coronary angioplasty, many things have changed.
It's metaphorical.
It's a metaphor.
Those Paradise Lost kids went to death row because they wore black and they listened to Metallica.
The coins are then heated in an annealing furnace in order to soften the metal for upsetting, striking and washing.
Kemper's in lockdown, what's he gonna do?
Hey, did you think of that while you were walking on the beach with a metal detector or however you fill your empty days?
Alongside the Wright Brothers, Elon Musk, Zefram Cochrane?
Zoom in on the serial number and then trace it back to the owner.
It didn't just jump species, it jumped kingdoms, and it unleashed the most massive twin pandemic the world has ever known.
They got your metadata.
Eric? I searched through her Tor Browser metadata looking for some blackmarket sites.
Well, I could be your zoomer.
 See? Zoomer.
I used the metal casing.
Oh, sorry, maybe it's a wrong metaphor.
There's a metal thing with a handle that the cup goes into.
Olivia found me in 2023.
Actually, the metaphor I would use, Your Honor,
Okay, it is done. We've removed one piece of metal.
Forced me to step up my timetable and dent my truck.
Keep us on lockdown.
 Only as metaphor.
Are we talking metaphorical testicles here?
You know the layout to my building, you found a way to be a part of the mock jury, and you smuggled in what looks like a 3Dprinted firearm, to get past the metal detector, and you fabricated an explosive device.
At least it was a break from her dog metaphors.
Peyton says those vaccines are arriving tonight.
I don't know, stealing the vaccines, destroying them?
It has come to light that every person who received the aleutian flu vaccination today is now in the process of becoming
We're seeing tweets that people were crushed trying to get out of the vaccination queue
The boba is a metaphor.
I get the metaphor.
Metal, wood, metal
Let me zoom in.
I have an active metabolism.
I listen to heavy metal.
What's the timetable, General?
So she's not trying to start a pandemic.
They were inflicted with a pointed metal object, perhaps a hammer claw or garden trowel.
But why would a timetraveling metahuman come to 2042 to kill a bunch of A.R.G.U.S. agents?
Do we really want to be the people who put her back in a meta prison?
Dominic, do you know what a metahuman is?
Yeah, the meta who can read your mind.
Train Timetable
We're gonna get you out of this. We are gonna sic Legal Zoom on your ass!
Metaphorical my ass.
Until further notice, this facility is in a lockdown situation.
The station isn't just a 20ton chunk of metal.
What cheesy metaphor would you prefer?
Killy's metabolism is different from normal humans.
You hurt your arm. You got shot. It's a metal bead, not a bullet.
Zoom and enhance.
'Cause the account manager from B of A who was playing third base had a massive coronary trying to field my crappy little number.
The strange smell of metal that lingers on one's hands after touching something rusty.
People who donate blood have better metabolism
What they found specifically in the metal objects that were retrieved from these people was that the metal was offworld.
Uh, zoom!
Not to sound like a broken record, but where the hell are all these new metas coming from?
From the Dominators and Savitar, to gorillas, and now, these bus metas.
 I was You said you had a lead on this meta bus situation.
Three weeks ago, this young man became a metahuman.
She's been linked to the metahuman black market selling stolen technology, but we've never been able to nail her down.
But I can catch the meta.
And Studio 3 on permanent lockdown until I'm done.
Did you remove all the metal from your pockets?
Gravity Metals is a multicommodity mining and exploration company with a focus on rare earth minerals.
Gravity Metals?
It's a metaphor
A Metamorph inhabits a human being completely, melding with their DNA.
A Metamorph would never choose his own demise over another's.
They supplied you with this metal crutch.
Alright, zoom in.
Hidden behind a metallic voice with their cameras and their strategy negotiating a robbery, the Professor was in his element.
No vaccinations. Ridiculous.
This is her school timetable.
That's why I never got you vaccinated.
We're going into lockdown.
Charlie, zoom in.
At 11:00, you have a call with Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk.
At 11:15, you have a call with Elon Musk to apologize for making him cry in front of Jeff Bezos.
I've got the metabolism of a cheetah.
Uh, and the metaphor wants to say in a poetic way that you shouldn't wait.
I've created an algorithm using the newest of beacons, the hybrid egg hatch rate observed in Seoul and the known nest list to come up with a timetable
Dr. Salk should find a vaccine for morons.
Zoom. Only we do.
If you zoom in to a microscopic level, there are actually dozens of lines made of three different thicknesses.
Pythagoras, in hearing these tones made by the metal striking the metal, intuited that there was a mathematical relationship between the different notes in a scale.
IT SOMEHOW MANAGED TO METASTASIZE OVER THE 6 WEEKS WE WERE OFF.
A metabolic disorder caused her death?
I have not seen metal like this before.
YEAR 2021 TWO HOURS UNTIL HUMAN EXTINCTION
FIVE YEARS BEFORE 2021
Yeah, and it could be a weird piece of metal with a bunch of numbers on it.
whileshowingextremetalentincollectinginformation. WonByeongGoo.
I'm sitting on metal.
There's a strip of wood around a gray metal rectangle.
The difficult and complicated to delay the coronation.
I was diagnosed with metastatic lung cancer.
Don't say zoom.
There aren't even any vaccination records.
Accessing the detonation system with our metal tools could cause a spark and ignite the fumes.
Okay, we don't stop the disc from triggering the metal detector.
And probably needs his coronary arteries cleared.
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
He knows how to return Yanukovych's money to Ukraine.
Dear Ukrainians, the Constitution of Ukraine enables the incumbent president of Ukraine to appoint the acting prime minister in case of absence of the head of government.
I think her metabolism is too fast for me to get anything.
Eddie, metaphors are not your strong suit.
I've got some wood, some metal, some plastic and
Although I did find the fences metaphor a little mundane.
you can slide it like this and that zoom in zoom out zoom in and out?
It's time for lockdown, so I have to take him to his cell.
It feels like I'm hit by a metal.
It doesn't have do that in the script yet. I think metaphors are good.
Telephone number 1328417 Call to Soichi Sometani Tokyo
Soichi Sometani?
I didn't even know you needed a new vaccine to see a baby
If you had to do a metaphor, could've done it with beer.
Maybe you're trying to talk to your new patients, and you gotta explain to them the safeness and effectiveness of vaccines.
Uh, well, Eddie, it sounds like it might be causing some metabolic abnormalities that are making it hard for your body to maintain homeostasis.
Helena, you have a visitor [metal clangs]
Can you zoom in, please?
What, with those creepy metal monsters inside?
Metal cast on his arm.
The hunt, after all, is a metaphor for love.
It also says full metal jacket.
Sorry, I just, um well, the vaccines, some of the girls have been getting sick.
The Devil's Wall, Bedrich Smetana.
You a metal fan?
I do think a zoom would also be nice, though
Apt metaphor.
FVRCP, the feline distemper vaccine.
Look at the metadata time of death.
At the slaughterhouse they'll wait in small concrete or metal holding pens, typically overnight, still without food and with limited or no access to water.
Los Angeles is on lockdown.
So, this steering wheel you sing of, that's a metaphor?
He has EVD27, and EVD27 is vaccine resistant.
What's the timetable on that?
exotic vaccines, jetlag, aquatic environment, special equipment, hostile tropical flora and unassisted breakout from behind enemy lines.
Bullet in the chest went through and impacted on that metal frame up there.
I'm on a business trip too.
Undetected coronary blockage, I'd assume.
Let me get the vaccination report.
 Mm, I love your airline metaphors.
Zoom in on that one! 274! Sir!
This is sounding metaphysical.
The metadata on the forged video file confirms it as the work of the same person who manipulated that photo in October.
It's a metaphor.
It was a metaphor for my experience with Japanese assholes like you.
Poland. Yeah, it's Ukraine.
I'll soon find myself tar and feathered, and it won't be metaphorically, either.
Look, last night was the first time you experienced a fullon, ballsout, pedaltothemetal demon spawn attack.
Metaphorically speaking.
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me.
There are no coincidences when it comes to DeVoe and these bus metas.
Your metas are exactly where they're supposed to be.
Twelve markers, twelve metas.
There was nothing keeping him from going in the metawing and absorbing the powers.
That bus got showered with dark matter and made everyone on it a metahuman.
 We know a bus meta?
So, Matthew is our bus meta, not Frye, which means that DeVoe is gonna come after him sooner or later.
Another team member hurt by one of DeVoe's meta.
The last two remaining bus metas.
The additional dark matter from our subject metas, is overwhelming this host's body.
And then we will continue on our search for the remaining two bus metas.
Just one more bus meta out there.
Just one more bus meta out there.
He was offgrid before he was even a meta.
He created 12 metahumans just so he could steal their powers.
Hauling a nuclear meta across the state, getting kidnapped by a screeching psychopath, and helping save this city, I'd say that's pretty impressive for someone without a meta other half to lean on.
Her metaDNA was not spliced by Null's powers.
I This is smelling like some metamadness to me.
Constructed of metal that absorbs and multiplies the sun's energy at 400% efficiency.
We made the bus metas.
The weapon is made of carbon fiber reinforced thermal plastic to evade metal detectors.
You know what that huge metal thing over there is?
I just changed the timetable.
She killed Dr. Dave with a metal stake.
All personnel observe lockdown protocol.
Jesus Christ, enough with the metaphors already.
Now the Devil comes to us as a metal ship.
The heavy metal guy.
It first appeared on August 15th, 2024 and has been studied by top scientists from over 11 countries.
And a souvenir from the Ukraine.
He's injected metal into her gloves.
Actually, they're a tetanus vaccine.
That would explain why he had tetanus vaccines.
I managed to zoom in this much, but
Alright, test for heavy metal poisoning, exotic infection, and if we don't get anything from those,
My coronary artery is pristine.
So, your wife tells me that Ben hasn't had any of his childhood vaccinations.
Metal sheeting, plywood.
He said he had always thought the devil was just a metaphor, but now he knew the devil was a boy.
No metal leg, I guess.
The blocker should have metabolized by now.
 That's just the way the light is hitting the metal.
You're consistently bad at metaphors and similes.
If you wanna see how happy I am, if you'll zoom in on my fist there.
I can use the metal walls as giant conductors.
Look, I've got a buddy on the wrong side of your lockdown,
You put on metal clothes, I'm supposed to stop worrying about you?
Susan, the saw heats the metal as it cuts, all right?
Okay, make sure he puts the code in right, because if he enters it incorrectly more than once, the system goes on lockdown.
We're on lockdown until we can figure out what to do with Sam.
It was a perfect metaphor for my life.
 or the right coronary
I don't recall the date, but unless his metadata's been manipulated, that's correct.
Lockdown, level one.
We're on lockdown.
And I would like to think an intelligent man would appreciate the metaphor.
He left school when he was 11 years old to work in his father's metal shop.
He was still waiting in line when she got the Aleutian flu vaccine.
Ukraine?
Yeah, the metal ones.
I'm picturing the nametag, and I feel like there was a B in there.
Amir, check that metal door.
The real story is rare earth metals.
It wouldn't surprise me. This country is supposed to be loaded with rare earth metals, right?
 Mostly, it'll be rare earth metals.
lockdown when a threat's detected.
With lockdown period over for all applicable blocks, recreation times will be completely separated by block until further notice.
What time is our lockdown?
Hey, George. You want some Metaxa?
Yeah, we zoomed in, and there you were.
Junk in zoom.
That much metal, this distance, not even trying
Expires 2023, score.
I'm gonna die in a metal coffin with a lunatic.
Okay, well, if we figure out who produced the vaccine, then maybe we can find out who's behind all this.
They were conducting an experiment in Freeland, giving the people a vaccine to make them passive and keep them docile in what was a very politicallyexplosive environment.
[GAMBI] When I realized that the ASA's vaccine was killing children,
So this is obviously some kind of metaphor.
What with the lockdown, you know
All right, zoom in.
Heavy metal fits with the Vikings.
The original, yes, but Cronenberg said his remake was a metaphor for STDs.
But I mean that metaphorically, too.
This could fuck up the timetable. Fucking wogs.
Levels of heavy metals Lead, arsenic, cadmium, copper
Zoom in on the person next to the police car.
Tang, can you tell me what's the nearest Metal date?
Metal,
It's a metaphor for the drug.
Checkups, vaccinations, birth control,
ATF claim that you shot at them first through those front doors, but the metal bends inward.
Mixing metals is very infashion right now.
It zooms through clouds of dust.
So I'm guessing the best way to save her would be to find some unmetabolised traces.
I told her that he had a plate in one arm that used to set off some airport metal detectors.
But if you take a very deep dive into the metadata, you find these.
I taste metal on the roof of my mouth.
Can we start making the vaccine?
Nanometal?
There's gas being emitted from the nanometal's exterior.
Then, using this base as the center, it continued to grow via the nanometal over 20,000 years, and built this City.
The gas emission from the nanometal's exterior has stopped.
Spraying nanometal particles, deploying thermal energy buffer zone.
To stop the nanometal from running rampant, its behavior should be under control at Galugu's control unit.
I never even should've used a metaphor.
The liquid metal skin, it allows it to reshape itself midflight, which means it would be radarinvisible and able to penetrate heavy armor.
This is the metal she uses to turn kids into robots!
You see, the thing no one thought about when they built a camp between all those giant metal drums is what would happen if the bleeder valve got jammed on one of those things.
So, long story short, there was a small fire, metaphorically speaking, and I put it out.
But we can start your discharge paperwork, and as soon as the lockdown is lifted, you'll be able to go home.
 as soon as the lockdown is
All of our ED doctors were tied up because of the lockdown, the patient was in laryngospasm.
Gary Taylor's autopsy revealed that he died from cardiac failure, not an adverse drug reaction or metastatic cancer.
If it's wood or plastic, we can't use a metal detector!
Please zoom onto it, Ahyeon.
Zoom in onto the doll.
I've been spared so far, II assume 'cause I was vaccinated.
Like your prior seizures were a side effect of this metamorphosis, and your extended seizure was your chrysalis stage.
They want people dumb, blind, deaf to the truth, so they can inject you with their vaccines, and their public schooling and this heliocentric model, which is basically forced sun worship.
But there's not much left except melted plastic and damn sharp pieces of metal.
 Yeah, you know, those metal spikes with the wings on them you'd toss across your lawn.
I've been in lockdown for 13 hours!
But we can't attach the donor heart's aorta to an aneurysm over a metal tube.
No more metaphors.
It's a fucking bus timetable, Mickey.
Just a hunk of metal.
You hid the Trojan horse inside lockdown codes?
Operation Lockdown, it doesn't just cut off access to our system, it actively blocks it.
Metamorphosis.
So we're dealing with a metahuman Jack the Ripper.
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me.
A new meta was last seen jumping off a building in order to evade capture after stealing jewels
Well, perhaps your metakiller does as well.
If Spencer's a meta, it'll beep.
Which puts metahuman abilities in the hands of anyone.
He's got Barry's metacuffs.
So now we know why Dwyer hates metas.
Zoom has Caitlin, and this whole thing this whole thing
Zoom in on his broken heart.
I update registrations and administer vaccinations and vitamins.
Did you take all your vaccinations?
The rope will, but this metal won't.
I was zoomed in on his face.
It is constructed from wood and metal.
FBI profilers believe that whoever built the gun and the collar is a handyman competent with wood and metal.
What if the metagene could be inherited?
My advice: heavy metal and tear gas. It worked at Waco.
Their vaccine inadvertently created metahumans.
Look, I know that you being on lockdown is partly my fault 'cause of what I did at this school.
All these socalled metas, Green Light babies,
There's a growing fear within the Freeland community that these Green Light babies have become an epidemic that even our metahuman protectors
So she might be one of the original kids infected by the vaccine.
Well, I know he was Sange, but not a meta.
Doesn't the ASA experiment on metas?
Yeah, and I have metal all up in my back, and poison in my veins.
Your CaspertheGhost ass just put me in a position to have to fight metas without warning
But when those metas showed up, I went with the poison blades.
No lockdown!
Pedal to the metal.
Also, women are required to be vaginally probed with a large metal wand.
[shouts] [metallic clank]
A hunk of metal?
You're all metal and plastic.
I'll, uh, I'll unload the rest of the metal.
We're currently working on a drug to help her metabolize the energy.
We're like Elon Musk Tina being the muskiest.
I'm a piece of metal and plastic to you.
Nth metal, alien technology?
Metal is metal is metal down there and you, you're going by feel and touch rather than sight.
I'm already behind in the cullin', haven't finish the goddamn vaccinations.
That's a metaphor for life.
Stepan's mom immigrated from the Ukraine.
Based on the scoring and the fine silver metallic dust, I would say that the gears were jammed with one of these.
All I'm thinking about is how heavy that metal must feel in your hand.
It uses water and sand at high pressure to cut through metal to make precision parts.
And it was scurrying its way up the metal hood right above the grill.
Gentlemen, you are watching the Lockdown with Ben Lockwood.
It's a metaphor.
Metadata's been stripped.
He got his shots for corona, kennel cough, and rabies, right?
The Queen of Iran has commissioned Velvet to make the outfits for her coronation.
And this is the dress for the queen of Iran's coronation as empress.
There's lots of metal parts in contact with other metal parts, so if we do start to leak, any spark could ignite the liquid oxygen inside and
And if the Harbinger gets loose, it's a walking pandemic.
Metaphorically, I mean.
Can't find him, even after a lockdown and search.
Well, it'll take time to metabolize the drug they gave you, but we can up your pain meds, manage the symptoms in the meantime.
Mr. LeVasseur is going to need a left ceramic on polyethylene hip prosthesis to get the metal poison out of his system.
Can you zoom in, get a better look?
Kristen, can you zoom in on him?
 I'm not a metal expert.
 I'm gonna whip this thing with just metal to get used to it.
You can't make a vaccine?
If we could just make the vaccine, mass production would be possible using nanoprinters.
We may be able to make a vaccine!
Yeah, a halfway house in Metairie.
Poor little metaphor!
But the metal detectors means Mandy and Jason won't be.
Are his vaccines up to date?
♪ Heavy metal, yeah ♪ [shrieking]
Angry face emoji. All of the gold was stolen by some heavy metal maniac.
It's powered by precious metals, crystals, and solar panels.
A lump of metal.
Um, Desi, your CT scan shows that your cancer has metastasized to your brain.
♪ Too cool, I go zoomzoom ♪
Even if somebody says they've had some sort of metaphysical revelation,
Because I'm so not in the [metal clanks]
We've got to go, now! [metal detector beeps rapidly]
In the meantime, we request that metahuman dampeners be placed on Ms. Garcia while we continue discovery.
Because I am a metahuman too.
There's a creature out there with a metastasized blood chemistry with the strength of ten men, and he's getting stronger by the minute.
 I thought we were dealing with some kind of metavampire.  Good.
 Well, even without his metapowers,
Barry, I realize that you want to help and I appreciate that, but this is not Central City, these people are not metas.
So it might not be metastatic.
 You can zoom in on this part, right?
I smell the metal of that microphone and it gets me going.
Whatever Chester injected me with is already being metabolised.
We have two options either we help each other [metal bangs] or we pull each other down.
He can't load up the bicep but what we can do is by using this machine it's gonna basically give him like a metabolic load almost.
During the Middle Ages, this lethal pandemic killed over half the population of Europe.
Can you zoom in on her wrist?
I thought it would be meta for you to cover the Who wore what?
There's definitely metal in the Area.
It wasn't a metaphor about overcoming darkness, it was literal.
When your kids tick you off, you'll let out your death metal voice.
I feel like you you kind of killed that metaphor of mine, you know?
So let's take a scan in here.  Yeah, let's zoom
Please tell me that's a metaphor.
Not a metaphor.
Uh, yeah, I thought I'd grab a coffee before lockdown.
And that an ancient race of people traveled from Asia to South America in pursuit of a metal they had been taught to consider not just essential, but sacred?
I see nothin' but red, smoke, and fuckin' flames and a little flicker off to the side, and it's burnin' metal.
As we zoom in, I realize it's not something floating on the water, but more like a froth that's generating around a whirlpool. Hovland:
So, I thought death metal would fit right in.
Bet your parents got one of those combination vaccinations.
He'll use the crab metaphor as motivation for something.
A room full of scared meta children ain't a good combination.
 It's so we can create tech that will help all metas to live better.
Fatalities from the meta virus with Ebola properties continue to grow.
To think, once upon a time, I was worried about metal detectors.
Until further notice, this location is a clean camp to keep suspected metas as far away from the meta virus as possible.
While your focus has been on the meta virus, several Green Light and vaccine kids have grown unstable.
Zoom out of here.
If you ever heard the metaphor of the fish in water who doesn't know what water is and if you were to point it out, they wouldn't know what you were talking about.
Last week, I had a biopsy and learned that I have multiple metastases in the liver.
No, dawg, I'm talking metaphorically, wiseass.
a partial tear up here earlier. Corona mortis. It's the crown of death.
Full Metal or Brock, right?
All right, Full Metal, we got to reverse out.
That road is blocked by the Germans in the form of a metallic gate.
To Jacobs's shock, a UFO zoomed into in the frame and traveled alongside the ICBM at over 11,000 miles per hour.
Clay, Brock, Vic, Metal, up on the roof.
To use a basketball metaphor.
Telling them that we were 90 days away when I was plainly telling her that what she was promising was not possible on any timetable.
The thug with the metal pipe says,
Well, it looks like the blunt injury also caused a coronary artery dissection, so we're gonna have to pass the cardioplegia through the coronary sinus so we can get this heart to stop.
You thought that dingdong would do a total personality 180 because of one gentle metaphor?
The Markovians want to capture or kill as many metas as possible.
If you hadn't had your metahuman healing ability you'd probably be dead already.
 Countdown to the lockdown.
If it's about this metal, Silas, I've been
Could you zoom in the footage?
Maybe we can create vaccine.
I believe I know how to stabilize the metagene.
Dr. Jace deliberately infected the metas of Freeland to send me her research sliced into the DNA of the virus.
What do amino acids have to do with our metastabilization problem?
Dr. Jace sent me the protein I needed to theoretically stabilize the metagene permanently.
The ASA is hunting metas down.
He is not a meta.
One merry melanated metafamily solving crimes and protecting Freeland.
I had to go outside the metal detector.
Today's subject is Ukraine's 2019 State Crisis
Ukraine's 20192022 state crisis, the socalled Second Destruction
So, the time span of 20192022 is the period that taught our country a lot of lessons.
European media refer to the events in Ukraine as the Milk Revolution.
Glory to Ukraine!
Except that in the East of Ukraine you piss them off and in the West you run them ragged.
Ukraine has become a huge problem.
Where is it? Here. The Legitimate Ukraine, only excluding Troyeshchyna.
I, Vasily Goloborodko, entering into this high office of the president of Ukraine, hereby undertake the authority to perform my president's responsibilities across the entire territory of Ukraine.
The Great Ukraine
You have put Ukraine together in 6 minutes 12 seconds.
Five new lands have now emerged on the map of Ukraine:
The only thing that could save such a patient was a new vaccine but it was still to be invented.
Ukraine is finally becoming an energy selfsufficient state.
Ukraine for Ukrainians!
Ukraine is finally united.
Ukraine gained genuine independence.
Might this description be more than metaphorical?
Full Metal, too scary.
Trent, Metal.
Metal, get the saw.
Zoom in.
I'm backing out of the metaphor.
Please give me the vaccine.
The people that came to work at Ford from Germany, the Ukraine, they did their job, hardly ever talked then they disappeared into the darkness.
Swan's on TikTok.
Corona, Queens.
I think a meta power like a muscle,
A metahuman with five times the strength of the average man.
 Ukraine.
Well, apparently, when you were getting those metas out, you injured the acting ASA Director, Major Grey.
I'd like to see them try meta.
And if you hadn't made the choice to use your powers to turn Freeland's water supply into something that would stop meta powers, thousands of children would be fighting the ASA's wars.
These metas helped you win the war against Markovia.
He singlehandedly tried to take down an entire fake vaccination racket. Really?
You're talking about a vaccine, right?
Not Well, a vaccine of sorts.
Guys from Uconica Labs trialling a new chagas vaccine.
Or the right metaphor.
We need these three from the vaccine to get us over the line.
SpaceX, a private aerospace company run by billionaire Elon Musk, announces the successful fourth and final test flight of their starship prototype Starhopper.
Finally, I am able to control this metal monster.
That's a weird metaphor.
Metal for Hitler!
This isn't made of metal, mate. This is made of fuckin' lace!
Our metal is quicksilver.
We have to vaccinate anyone without an advanced case and isolate those showing symptoms. Jesus Christ.
[laughs] [heavy metal music plays]
Zooming out.
 Zooming out.
Zooming out. Zooming out.
I like his use of symbolism, like how Moby Dick is both a literal whale and a metaphor for death.
believed that you could change base metals to precious metals.
 Lockdown.  Hands up, now.
You hit metal, it's over.
Both hands clean between the third and fourth metacarpals.
Fisherman swears he sees a metallic disk covering a state park.
It was like a whistle, like air over metal, like something moving through the sky.
Thermal strain can cause tensile stress in some metals like this, but, if that was electrical, it would have to be tuned to the right frequency.
It is metal.
Ma'am, we're in a lockdown here. Possible firearms threat.
Just sign a few papers, lockdown. Anybody could do that shit.
Increase metabolic support to level eight.
The Mellara Vaccine and Its Effects on the Risk of Torin's Syndrome:
We've been making good progress in harvesting the metadata from his service provider.
Well, it's not like fucking hair metal bands like Twisted Sister, fucking Motley Crue.
Mr. Wilson behaved like a petty emperor, and treated this election like a coronation.
Do you taste metal?
It's Heavy Metal Conrad.
There's a hook in your fender dug in real good, and it's connected to a a long metal rope and at the end of that rope is, well, it's a massive fiveton cinder block.
To certain metaphysical secrets that could be glimpsed inside the pain of madness.
Drop the metaphors, will you?
Some of the metals in this thing don't register on the periodic chart.
Every jump, I say a silent thankyou to whatever brilliant being invented polyphobic metamaterial.
Exactly, the coronary heart disease, the bathyscaphe, the 20 atmospheres
Meta cuffs?
Her metacrimes include massive property damage at Iron Heights, the grounding of 21 separate flights at Sheldon County Airport, and the attempted murder of her own father, Mark Mardon.
No, but she used metatech.
 Caitlyn, we could make a metahuman cure.
We could make a metahuman cure.
All three metas who were killed by Cicada last night.
It's a serum that suppresses dark matter in metahumans.
We have a way to cure metahumans.
I'm more of a Ford and Waters man myself, but I will be up all night yet again working with the radiated metahuman sample you guys got me.
But when Cicada resurfaced in 2024 after the Flash vanished, some were left to speculate that Cicada is not a man at all, but an immortal monster.
Every meta will die.
If he finds another meta or comes after us we have to speed this up somehow.
One Zoom and one decaf Flash.
To kill every last metahuman.
Cicada is gonna kill every metahuman in the city.
The Central City Citizen reports that CCPD, in conjunction with S.T.A.R. Labs, is offering a groundbreaking metahuman cure, entirely free of cost.
Two people died, and the meta was never ID'd.
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me.
Our best bet is to break me out of these metacuffs and let Killer Frost do the rest.
If there was any residual meta DNA in your system, it
I was kinda hoping she'd send me over to CCPD to take photos of the metahumans when they were getting that cure.
She saved every meta in the city.
And it's protected by a metahuman dampener that makes A.R.G.U.S.' look like a bug zapper.
One reprogrammed metatech phone, now with visual and auditory hypnosis capabilities.
This is the vessel number for the Almeta.
This is the Almeta.
The Almeta.
One of the ships we flagged was the Almeta.
Right, I'll have a look on me timetable,
It serves him right for havin' a chunk of alien metal stuck in his head.
Mmhmm. Yeah, the flu shot vaccine is only 65 percent effective this season.
Zoom in on his face.
Masters of Disaster. Super metas.
It's where they were giving the original vaccinations to the kids of Freeland.
He's enhanced, he's not a metahuman.
You get these metas and you will have more power than you ever imagined.
It's where they were giving the original vaccinations to the kids of Freeland.
After all, you're about to be the most powerful metahuman arms dealer in the world.
[ Metal rattles ]
[ Metal rattles ]
We taste metal.
For Byelorussia and the Ukraine,
Talk about belt buckles as a secret metaphor for emotions
like, a room, and, uh shiny metal,
PLEASE BE ADVISED, TODAY AT 2:30, we have our weekly lockdown drill in the auditorium.
Evelyn, have you already received your meningitis vaccination?
 Before your coronation, Your Majesty.
It's kinda meta.
Were you laying against something metal when the lightning happened?
The whole settlement is on lockdown.
Metaphorically speaking, of course.
Earth, Water, Metal, Wood, and Fire.
There's wood. There's metal to smelt.
Cos let me say when you were sent to the Ukraine,
No, not Ukraine.
 Vroom and zoom!
We pay back Eddie and use the spare cash to fix up Lydia, then vroom, zoom, we're back in the races!
His soul is in those pieces of metal.
Why don't you just make some more armour out of this metal here?
A sex timetable?
Speaking of sex timetables.
heavy metal song playing
It's a welcome pack. It's got a timetable and a map some stickers, for some reason.
No, actually, no one can. Those two metaphors should never be mixed.
Metal creaks 
Scheduled your postsurgical vaccinations for a week from Tuesday.
I'm not sure we've really accepted it, just how close we've come more than once to a fullblown pandemic, you know?
Zoom?
I don't know where the crossroads story came from, but I believe to my core even if Robert Johnson actually met the devil, even if it really happened, that it's a metaphor, a wakeup call
I see him reach for metal, boom.
I started working with sheet metal, because they pay 50 bucks an hour, but because I was work in highrise on the edge of a building, it's a dangerous kind of job 'cause if you just get distracted a little bit
Youstartby swinging the 10pound hammer against a metal plate, generating upwards of a half a ton of force with every swing until it triggers the release of the 350pound ram.
Erin and Jess took their shot on Heavy Metal.
I could make a fancy metaphor about reaching for the stars, but I'm not.
Tostart, the sledgehammer is now trapped under three metal boxes, each weighing nearly 300 pounds.
First step, tossing away those heavy metal boxes to get to those hammers.
and metabolic disorders.
I use analogies and metaphors to guide me.
 Sees through metal.
 Where is the next vaccination?
Don't worry. Vaccination takes time.
 You know what a vaccine is, don't you?
You just had to take the vaccines and let them leave!
Do you really think that was a reaction to the vaccine or are they tricking us again?
His temp was so low it probably caused  his metabolism to dramatically slow.
A metal one?
When the alarms went off during the lockdown yesterday, it all came back.
It's a metaphor.
Josh, follow emergency lockdown procedures! Find your buddy!
So, you can see it's bringing up all of the heavy metals.
Until we find more vaccine, this slime will help to keep you all healthy.
You'll have a lead in 2023.
Even if, we're still talking about boiling metal in a helicopter.
We know that's a metal bolt, Catherine.
Zoom out the living room.
It's gonna be totally meta.
Bangladesh, Sudan, Ukraine.
And, if I could extend the metaphor, if everything goes as planned, in about three days
It's Legends of Metal the whole way, right?
Metallica, full blast.
A 22foot metal statue that has
Some metallic component is interfering with the image.
Did you get your typhoid vaccine before you landed incountry?
There is no vaccine for CrimeanCongo Hemorrhagic Fever.
One had coronary artery disease;
How long until they can be awakened and join the prison metas?
My army of metas will make me richer and more powerful than I ever dreamed.
Black Lightning and this banana girl represent the only metas in Freeland that have ever gotten the better of me.
The meta's moving inside the mall.
You gotta have a plan when you deal with a metahuman or an enhanced.
Oh, you don't want to hear about more homicidal metahumans about to be turned loose on Freeland?
Wait till I put 12 dazed and enraged metahumans on his punk ass.
I'm telling you, be you man, a woman, or metahuman, we all have a part to play.
Or at least a metaphysical one.
You need to get that vaccine here right now.
MAN: Attention, all blocks, lockdown, lockdown. (alarm blaring)
The giant metal trench in the middle of the planet.
I don't know what you would've done if I wasn't around to hand you this piece of metal.
The metal It must act like some kind of conductor.
Why is Sanctum on lockdown?
And you're a big Eagles of Death Metal fan?
Those who assemble the metal frames that the concrete is poured onto.
Precious metals, electronics, exotic cars.
(metallic rattling)
Plus metals aluminum, brass, copper what else
Word on the street is you have convincing evidence that metal fatigue in the second stage LH2 filldrain valve caused a leak, leading to the explosion.
2023 Secondary Teacher Employment Examination
We grew up in Russia together before my parents and I moved to Ukraine.
How are we gonna get through that metal door?
Over the years, hundreds of strangely elongated humanlike skulls have been found all over the world from Australia, where the skulls were estimated to be at least 10,000 years old, to the Ukraine, where they were found in catacombs
She might've gone to the metal yard.
 Mmhmm. Usually it metabolizes in one and a half days, but it could take up to five days.
Little bit of a mixed metaphor but
Plus, this virus gets out, we're looking at a pandemic.
I can initiate an elevator lockdown that will restrict the elevators to keycard access only.
My talent as an author began when I metan eccentric girl named Kang Dani.
An attenuated virus is a vaccine.
 Zoom?
Matty had us put on lockdown after he escaped interrogation.
People need to get somewhere completely encased in metal, or deep underground.
 It wasn't when you made the metahuman cure.
Has the clinic become one more place to identify metas, then turn them over to the government?
It's a hot spot for identifying metas, so you did the right thing.
He's basically got sickle cell for metas.
Obtain all meta subjects.
Full Metal, you've got overwatch.
But Alexandria should go on lockdown just in case.
To be honest, I haven't given much thought to a timetable, but it is mighty good to hear your voice.
And it appears to have metastasized around every organ.
Thanks, metal head.
Gray metal means lead pipe.
So Moore is using cufflinks as shrapnel as a metaphor.
Pump the brakes, we're not gonna let anyone turn you into scrap metal.
A patient with lung cancer and brain metastasis has little chance of survival in statistical terms.
We'll enter through a 20 cm incision in the back of your head, up to about here, to remove the metastasis.
We're just lucky this is a strain that has a vaccine.
We are under total lockdown and in danger.
 Narelle Stang wasn't here for the lockdown.
Call in a lockdown!
Call in a lockdown!
Repeat, this is a lockdown.
According to the metadata, the video was shot at 3:00 a.m. yesterday morning.
It can cut through any rock, metal, any material of this Earth.
If it wasn't for this metal plate in my head from the Shanghai job,
Cisco, do you regret taking the metahuman cure?
You are Black Hole, and you've been using McCulloch's resources to power a global conspiracy in metahuman trafficking, weapons sales, and murderforhire.
It was a metaphor.
We acknowledge there is a contract for 2015, 2016, 2019 and 2023.
SELECTION OF THE 2022 WORLD CUP HOST
It's some kind of metal
So, like a freerange metal.
I am activated by world war, pandemic, revolt of dwarves
Like a vaccine that counters disease.
Talk to me. Every FOB's on lockdown.
In Coronation Street, who is Audrey's daughter?
Only my second time at the Corona, and some asshole steals my phone.
Can you please make sure this gets up to the Covid floor with Enna Ravera?
Severe patients go to this special Covid ICU.
Dr. Madigan to the Covid floor. Dr. Madigan to the Covid floor.
 Hanks got the corona?
Charles, you'll give us both a coronary!
And we will be sticking to that timetable, come hell or high water.
Lockdown.
Lockdown.
If we don't, it's like not taking vaccines. But we're not talking about vaccines.
American assets were ambushed and killed in Ukraine yesterday.
I'm just hoping it was a metaphor.
And I'm using a metal moon scoop with an adjustable crescentshaped head, sir!
It was a metaphor, sort of
Tminus two minutes to lockdown.
Now hook the cable to the metal part that bolts down the rear passenger seats.
 TikTok is an art.
We're with the Intergalactic Parking Authority and have your ship in lockdown.
You inspired this handsome man to break out of the hair metal genre, which I have never heard described with such raw, sexual passion.
I've been checking her Instagram and her TikTok, there's been nothing.
A literal literary device quite literally metaphorically containing us.
If you don't want to be meta stop, deconstructing shit.
We got all that metacanon shit outta the way and now we can just be ourselves.
METAL DOOR CREAKS, DOOR BANGS SHUT
Can you zoom in on that patient's face?
Think it's a coincidence the school installed metal detectors less than two weeks after the cops talked to Tyler?
(HEAVYMETAL MUSIC PLAYS LOUDLY)
Zoomed.  Join me.
Sorry. Once I start with the metaphors, I can't stop.
That roof there was metal.
Used by most reputable appliance delivery companies, but mine will be built using rubber elevator wheels, metal plates, and a pair of wireless power drills for a little extra oomph.
He said he wasn't sure if the craft was falling apart, or whether it was bombing him with these metal fragments.
Because it took six years to understand what the metal is for.
Just circle the spot where you saw the ships that afternoon and where the metal fell and we'll be on our way.
 Was it that piece of metal?
The symbol, the metal, UFOs.
There's no local law enforcement, which is why the Russianbacked separatist rebels used to come in and terrorize the locals in their ongoing conflict with Ukraine.
We also found a lot of metal shavings and shrapnel. We've sent it to the lab for analysis.
No, those aren't the vaccines.
Caught me. I know those aren't the vaccines.
Metaphor.
Aren't they TikToks now?
Seven abdominal stitches and a fracture to your first metacarpal, and you still look great.
People there are desperate for vaccines.
Max got one vaccination when he was a baby.
Now, you don't have wings, obviously, but as a Devil who has learned to embrace metaphors
They're going to see that big hunk o' metal long before you land.
It's a metaphor, Annie.
It's a metaphor, Josh.
Metaphorically speaking.
His name was Manuel Corona.
 Look, zoom in.
Zoom in on the sternum.
You ruined my coronation!
Metal, you and Bravo 7 are up.
JASON: Brock, Full Metal, stronghold the vehicles.
Metamucil and wringing our dicks out for a few drops of piss.
He might have coronary artery disease that was undiagnosed and exacerbated during zerog.
 [METAL CLANGS]
Well, I'm not a metacriminal who jumps through mirrors to rob banks.
[motor humming] [metal clangs]
There are a couple of metals that are liquid at room temperature.
After the other two heists, that place is on lockdown.
The whole school went on lockdown and a search party was formed to comb through Mission City woods.
Look, they're in the cafeteria now but I think they wanted a lockdown.
♪ heavy metal music playing ♪ [hammering, Breezy grunting]
After his coronation, King Lee Gon began his first duty as King, mourning his father's death for 26 days according to court laws.
May 27, 2022.
Full Metal, turn steel.
Fifth metacarpal is broken on each hand.
Metal has a different density.
We think that both the barringer and the kpg dinosaur killer were caused by metal asteroids. Narrator:
I can't personally check every piece of metal that comes through here.
Honestly, I resent being called basic, because would a basic bitch make out with Elon Musk at a yacht party and inspire the designs for the new Tesla?
in the ironing board, between the cloth and the metal.
 The eyes scan the road feeding data to a tablet with Zoomii software, which tells the car to go faster, to brake.
Six months ago, Zoomii was scheduled to launch.
Zoomii was part of the accident.
A Zoomii car nearly killed someone.
What I still don't get is that if Casey was hit by Zoomii  he could've sued for millions.
So, you said that your Zoomii car took the corner too fast.
It hadn't been an accident between a Zoomii car and Casey's bike.
No, the charity that Zoomii used to pay off Casey is totally legit now.
On earth, a liquid metal core creates a magnetic field which shields the planet and helps maintain the atmosphere.
It was seven before the COVID took down the weak.
Dad is trying to pull together some cash, but his business is in the crapper since the COVID shutdown, and I've got a few thousand in savings, but
I need a dose of the metastablization cure.
Chip and stabilize the metas, rinse and repeat.
No. I'm betting Lucy meant it metaphorically.
Don't blame me if your sword turns into a scrap metal.
The walls are cement, reinforced with metal rods every 12 inches.
This is a hard lockdown.
The lump of metal, less than 400 miles across, could be the exposed core of a destroyed planet.
Like a metal balloon.
Bess, the only timetable that matters is getting rid of this curse ASAP.
I was forced to work for both sides, and let me tell you, if Markovia wins this meta arms race, we and everything we know will cease to exist.
We came across an American meta in Markovia.
What happens if Gravedigger can have any meta power he wants?
I left the formula for the metaboost serum in Markovia.
I am officially, unofficially, the first meta.
My objective is to free all the metas who've been experimented on, held in pods for decades and are still being kept against their will in Freeland by any means necessary.
The reason you, and Anissa and Jennifer are the only stable metas in Freeland is because you're related to the original meta, Gravedigger.
We have to move the meta kids to the Pit to keep them away from Gravedigger.
I have your recommendations here for a boarding school keyed to the needs of Freeland's metahumans.
Well, if there's one thing I don't have to complain about, it's my metabolism.
Little heavy metal punk.
I see. 'Tis a metaphor. Possibly.
I thought you had our little group sessions on lockdown there, Zachary?
Because you know, Daniel right now has a full schedule until 2022.
Mental metaphor, um, imagine he's got sick cells
Can't figure out how you to managed to succeed in making this vaccine in such a short time.
I was beingmetaphorical.
However, this is no crude metacell in Iron Heights.
I just meant that I could use an expert in metaDNA. I'm sorry.
Kidnapped and blackmailed innocent metahumans like Kimiyo, Esperanza, and Millie?
but at this time, it's not likely to have metastasized.
And I'm looking for any kind of metal object of any kind or anything like that.
Bolan thinks it was more than the lockdown.
Zooming with, like, ten people, all in their little box.
They bumped him up during COVID to work ER.
And I'll show you that by zooming out here.
This guy was out metal detecting on the beach and he found a very strange set of footprints where he feels there should not have been a strange set of footprints.
With scale, an 11 inch metal detector, suggesting tracks of 16, 17, or 18 inches in length.
Living tissue under a metal endoskeleton.
I'll insert the vent catheter in the coronary sinus.
Heavy metal might be.
Yeah. Just can't, uh, zoom as hard with these dumb stitches. Whatever.
 Kristen, can you zoom in?
It's a metalonmetal joint, which means it's entirely possible that the friction caused the hip to wear away over time.
You have COVID19.
If I saw Lea, she might be exposed to COVID and she might get sick.
I had an appointment with Cartoon. We all came to my spot in Corona.
Sorry to bugger up your timetable, Leo, but I can't keep my PM waiting, can I?
Should've only took me ten minutes, but I was stopped three times, during a pandemic, in Walmart.
[narrator] But many who work in infectious disease knew a pandemic like this was coming.
That's what makes this coronavirus so devious.
So where does this current pandemic fall?
But antibiotics don't work against this coronavirus, or any viruses.
If enough people get vaccinated, it's a safe and lifesaving shortcut to herd immunity.
[narrator] And in China, many of the first people with COVID19 appear to have caught the disease at a hospital.
[Daszak] I think one of the big lessons about pandemics is, we think that it's something happening over there.
 Lockdown Zhen Xin Hospital.
With COVID, we moved some of our equipment online so we could adjust it remotely.
You want to gain eternal life by using such scrap metal?
I don't know what I pay taxes for if I can't get a test during a pandemic.
No, I know you're not taking any nonCOVID cases right now, but you are taking this teenager with full thickness burns from head to toe from a car explosion.
I hadn't even left the house since we went into lockdown.
And it'll sit in a scrapmetal graveyard.
[Vic] Others are using metal wrangled into shape by the onsite welder.
I mean Kennedy Moran is alwaysÂ posting selfies on TikTok, and Jake is all up inÂ her comments.
Why you wanna get in these bigass crowds, when Corona is hitting Black people hardest?
As Los Angeles enters its 213th week of lockdown, the Health Department the Health Department has raised
So, it was prepandemic, and I met this record exec online, and he saw one of my YouTube videos, and he invited me out here, and he told me that I was gonna be a big star,
Zoom in
 He forgot his Dimetapp.  Hi. Of course.
Why don't you go on ahead and, tell Elon Musk that I'm gonna rescind the job offer.
Your metal plate is kind of cool.
Hey, Elon Musk wouldn't sell a car without knowing something about cars.
Aren't you worried about starting a pandemic?
We will definitely buy either a metallic or a frilly swimsuit.
What do you think the chances are that this novel coronavirus outbreak could become a pandemic?
Metal elements.
In general, cat appointments can fall anywhere from normal routine vaccination updates to scratched eyes (meow)
Very strong, and will lay there for the rest of the cow's life and collect all the metal it eats.
No handshakes between the two sets of players has been seen across the Premier League this weekend due to the Coronavirus outbreak.
You know, the fact we're talking about lockdowns, economic activity just stopping.
My feeling is that we are building something really strong, that even the Coronavirus crisis and the distance didn't manage to break it.
[metals clanking] [nurse] Doctor this patient doesn't have a navel.
Mom, what's a metaphor?
We dubbed it the COVIDcam. So I was able
Up until coronavirus, the way that Donald Trump was gonna win reelection to a second term was largely going to be on the strength of the economy.
And then a few weeks later, COVID happened.
The CDC has identified a case of coronavirus in Washington State.
After confirming its first case of the new coronavirus,
But even with vaccines and advances in pathology, the growth of global transportation made other pandemics ever more likely.
13,000 Americans died from H1N1 and the Obama Administration mishandled vaccine distribution, but scientists gave the administration high marks for moving quickly and being open with the press and the public.
On January 29th, the White House announced the formation of an official task force to confront the threat of the coronavirus.
We have been notified that 10 additional people have tested positive for coronavirus.
Because the U.S. failed to contain the virus, state governments moved to lockdowns to avoid runaway contagion and to prevent hospitals from being overwhelmed.
By early March, King County, Washington had become the epicenter of the coronavirus in the U.S.
COVID began spreading to health care workers and first responders.
A U.S. Marine in Virginia has tested positive for the coronavirus.
As China struggled to contain the outbreak of COVID, it limited the export of N95 masks to the United States.
The next day, he began to tweet in encouragement of protests against lockdowns meant to contain spread of the virus.
Where even the push for a safe vaccine was pursued with reckless disregard for science.
They put on their uniform to respond to this pandemic, and then there was nowhere to go.
The park's going on lockdown!
We have 15 cases of coronavirus.
If we find an immune individual, we could use his blood to extract a vaccine from it.
Can you zoom in?
Hey, Teddy, has your truck always had a huge metal tub attached to it, and I'm just noticing it now?
 I found an article on the internet about what patients with cardiomyopathy need to know about the coronavirus.
Small animals have fast metabolisms, so they must feed more often.
Do a cardiac MRA and see if the tumor's infiltrated the coronary arteries.
Can you zoom in on her skull base?
She doesn't have a cardiac or metabolic issue.
 It's a metaphorical line.
If this half cat ain't no jukebox,  then explain this.  [METAL CLANGS]
A global pandemic, mass unemployment, worldwide protests, wildfires, murder hornets, Megxit, Brexit.
The majority of COVID patients who go on a ventilator never come off.
Now. It's COVID. We've both been exposed.
People are sick with with COVID, with cancer, with grief, and we can't help them.
We are doing a nontraditional engagement, where the woman gets pregnant first and then the man moves in with her because of a global pandemic.
I mean, we had justreached a good place, and then the pandemic hit.
Covid test is still pending.
You don't have Covid.
No, you can't eat me. I'm made of metal.
He's been in lockdownin New Orleans for the last six months.
 Well, Folger and Kyle each had their lives destroyed by the pandemic in totally different ways.
A negative Covid test or 14 day quarantine.
Plus, our sister's in the hospital with Covid.
I'm too tired to come up with metaphors that make sense.
Are you sidetracking to brag about your cooking or are we doing the metaphor thing again?
 It doesn't matter. We're all on Zoom.
Marsha tested positive for COVID.
They know that this pandemic is a political football, they know that it was mismanaged, and they know what it's costing them.
You realize half of our Covid patients are Black and brown?
You will now take care of COVID patients.
She would tell me that it's a reaction to the pandemic.
You know, working every day in the Covid ICU,
 She might have just been on a Covid high.  What about putting her on BIPAP?
Zoom! Yes.
Oh my God! And it's during the pandemic.
A closer look at current events. With Zoom In, I am Lee Ji Wook.
Traces of engine oil, metal, and glass were found in the footprint, like Chairman Jeon's bloodstain.
So, the Democrats claim that Trump pressured Ukraine into digging up dirt on the Biden family, and their only real evidence of that is a transcript of him doing it.
As this map we've cut to makes clear, the coronavirus is indeed spreading at an alarming pace.
What about the pandemic?
As the media makes clear, heartless users of the social media platform TikTok are to blame.
Having another lockdown was really annoying because I'd watched literally all of Netflix during the first lockdown.
Following the debate, the only positive news for Trump is his coronavirus test result, which prompts negative blanket coverage.
Breaking news, President Trump has tested positive for coronavirus.
Good news at last on Covid19, a vaccine could be available by Christmas.
Even with a miracle cure, there's no guarantee everyone will embrace the vaccine.
But no one could have foreseen what the vaccine would do to us or how we'd use our new powers.
Ahjussi, can you zoom in a bit?
I do like heavy metal and horror comics
South Memphis has been hit by COVID very hard.
To put it simply, the socalled metaphysics or feng shui is just another kind of scientific theory.
I believe that you really love science and metaphysics.
Interesting piece of metal you've got there.
Immediate lockdown.
Police officers in protective clothing brought additional metal barriers to expand
Initiate lockdown.
That's a sports metaphor.
Yeah, I I went as myself. Went meta.
 She came as herself. Very meta.
Australia asia
Hey, it's like a metaphor.
Hmm, good metaphor.
I made the metal man angry.
Why a lockdown?
I'm thinking something deathmetal flavor.
And only one weapon forged of the rarest metals can destroy it, my enchanted sword, the Curse Crusher!
Zoom in camera one and two.
I think I'm mixing a metaphor.
Is the doorknob  It's metal.
That means we have the vaccine.
And the vaccine is the cure.
The CDC is implementing its pandemic preparedness and response plans, working on multiple fronts including providing special guidance on measures to prepare communities.
We need to start manufacturing the vaccine, now.
I even have a sample of the vaccine.
The frightening thing about this pandemic is that so far, there have been absolutely no survivors.
I want to thank Dr. Mike my sweet, brave hero, for saving my life from the Stearns Flu with the Stearns vaccine.
I urge every parent in the country to get their child this vaccine before it's too late.
We need a vaccine!
I'm here because I'm willing to do anything to stop this pandemic.
 Free the vaccine!  Free the vaccine!
Free the vaccine!
Frees the vaccine.
The FDA has freed the vaccine.
It's for families, and that's why I think that every man, woman and child should get the vaccine.
He created it, and the vaccine doesn't work.
We need to go now, before that vaccine ships and more people die.
That's what's in the vaccine from Christie Labs.
To destroy the vaccines?
Then I'll remake the vaccines, and my security team will kill all of you.
That's a lot of vaccines.
Zoom in.
All I can taste is the metal.
Wish I had your metabolism.
Put the pedal to the metal. Let's go!
Right. So you used another metaphor in that metaphor to explain that one?
Metal, wood, jewelry.
Looks like my team just disrupted your lockdown.
Zoom in on that.
In 1216, the cathedral hosted the coronation of King Henry III, and he was only nine at the time!
This metaphor is synonymous with giving the impression
Still working on the cloth, but the powder is a mix of potassium nitrate and finely ground shale, specifically, medium‐grade metamorphic schist interleaved with quartz.
Hence the urgent need to vaccinate all the children.
And 250 children remain unvaccinated.
 Who's Smith Corona?
 I have a high metabolism.
Now, some of you are well aware that I relocated to Hilltop, uh, in pursuit of a metaphorical fresh start.
Or an emotionally triggered metabolic misfunction of your brain.
But then you zoom in, and it's just a bunch of nakedass dudes organized by, like, every race
Okay, fine. Here's one. We're lifting the lockdown, go pick up cones.
 Zooming in.
Things that might be metaphorical and not literal.
Tailored specifically to your metabolic needs, so please do not share.
Entirely of metal.
There will be wood and metal.
Your scandalous metal folly, Gustave.
They're a militia set up to defend the independence of the Ukraine.
He's trying to get to the nukes here in Ukraine?
Steel snaps, metal shrieks, humans scream, and the grim reaper's dog laughs at the carnage.
He thinks that the fence is only A piece of metal
Peter, do a TikTok with me.
Thisisalockdown.
Well, maybe we can make a metal tube that we can get in that stops the effects on our cells.
Especially since they put in new metal detectors.
Ready to begin solar corona graph observations.
Have you ever been vaccinated for measles?
I can see my face In your reflection. That is a metaphor For more than I can imply. It heals my soul Just to feel our connection.
So this is not the first shot, but this is the angle that I want once it zooms out is not fully to the side.
Zooms out, keeping the glass in the center, and I'm looking at the glass.
It appears that your timetable is as many years as you like.
Number of the Beast. Absolutely what this whole thing feels like, whole pandemic.
Day before I was due to get my shot, I tested positive for COVID.
A metahuman with enhanced strength and speed with the power to push whoever is in earshot.
I will make sure that every meta in this city is documented and tagged, so that we know their whereabouts and power capacity at all times.
Sounds like you have a thing against metas.
Uh we could bring in metal detectors, but depending on the angle, it's it's a very large area.
Which is a metaphor 
The electrostatic attraction between delocalised electrons and positive metal ions.
It's a poorly constructed metaphor?
Y'all better not miss the Metal Stampede, coming soon!
Welcome, guys and gals, to Carp's annual Metal Stampede demolition derby.
No, I mean don't go there metaphorically.
 The CDC has reported three more patients have tested positive for Coronavirus, including one that has died.
We've been living the pandemic for 400 years.
He been in Zoom with his camera off Getting answers wrong
So, I set up this Zoom with Everytown and we're gonna talk about like how to be more reactive, how to start a movement, how to get a fuckin' bill passed.
Metaphor overload.
18 months of Zoom appointments has not been kind to me.
 I gained 20 pounds from snacking between Zooms.
 Where else did we annex for COVID patients?
She was in our COVID unit.
It was my metaphor.
Devon lost his father to COVID19 and he almost lost his mother.
The inner core of the metal becomes superheated.
They destroyed what they touched, like a metastatic growth.
Zoom in and enhance that.
Metaphorically speaking, of course.
I'm saying that we should cover coronavirus.
illness caused by the novel coronavirus that's making its way across the globe.
 Once this COVID thing is over, you're gonna have all the practice you can handle.
I was exposed to coronavirus. I'm quarantining.
This doesn't even seem real, this coronavirus.
loudly enough or clearly enough or often enough, all countries can still change the course of this pandemic.
It doesn't matter if it's for some altruistic reason like, um, informing the country about COVID.
But there's a vaccine for that.
We're in lockdown for the guest's safety.
 (GUN FIRING)  (METAL CLINKING)
Who knew a worldwide pandemic could be so profitable?
 I can't go get you a warrant to raid the factory unless you show me something that explicitly connects the stolen vaccines to the company.
I don't know where they got these vaccines, and I don't know why they're giving them away for free.
Thank you so much for taking part in our effort to bring equity to the fight against this pandemic.
We're here because we got a report that the vaccines were obtained illegally.
Wheatley wants to use him to peddle COVID vaccines over the developing world just like he sells bombs and guns.
So, the purpose of the meet is for our buyer to make a large purchase of illegal COVID product.
Go ahead and undress in here, and please remove any metal objects.
You should get on Insta and TikTok.
I'm trying to tell them COVID's not over.
October 21, 2021.
So, I got Jake on this Metallic Cat colt.
 I hope you get Covid.
Freeze. Zoom in.
Insta, Snapchat, TikTok, and Tumblr.
No, I am the android, with my metallic lower torso.
So my friend told me about this COVID party, and it's a way to stop wearing masks.
That's how COVID became Sun9.
 It's not COVID.
Prions survive high temperatures Add a piece of metal.
I have a patient who's suffering from aa COVID viral overload.
 Okay, well, itit looks like COVID.
Oh, my God.  IIt looks like an outgrowth of the COVID protein. What is that?
Anyone inhaling COVID protein could be inhaling Sun9, too.
So what is it, COVID or what?
What is it? The vaccine?
Hey, Rachel, we're on some kind of lockdown.
 COVID really did a number on his heart.
When COVID hit and everybody was, like, stuck in their house, hating it, that must've been really weird for you because suddenly, everybody kinda knew what it was like to be you.
COVID has caused an epidemic of loneliness in this country.
Girls, in 2021, we are ignoring the male gaze and focusing on our minds.
They're doing weddings on Zoom.
New York City is ground zero again, and by far the biggest pandemic hot spot in the United States. Tonight a state of emergency is in effect for
For 90 days we were just dealing with the COVID crisis, and now we have the COVID crisis and we have the civil unrest from the murder of Mr. Floyd.
I just had an alert on my phone saying that there are now five people in Oxford who've tested positive for the coronavirus.
 [metal clanks]  [man grunts]
Didn't they give her a placebo shot and tell her it was a vaccine that reversed symptoms of polio?
Zoom zoom in.
Is literally being upside down a potent enough metaphor?
The novel corona virus outbreak spreading across the world.
Corona virus has arrived here in Manhattan.
You think the COVID's exaggerated, but you order a lock down the day after a prisoner dies?
It's against the COVID protocol for us to leave.
Aren't you all carrying the coronavirus?
Pieces of metal that can be melted down and turned into another key.
But should that give her and metas like her carte blanche to terrorize our streets?
Yes, they are lethal to both metas and humans, but I had the techs install a stun setting.
And a foremost expert on metagenics.
It's time to remind these metas who's in charge around here.
It's time we brought in an assassin who specializes in metas.
Which is why I'll officially be naming you head of our newlyformed Meta Task Force.
He said Mayor Black was killed by a meta with magnetic powers.
You've been injecting metaboosters for months.
You know Lala's not the only meta that's been giving us problems.
TC's powers are dormant, because I injected Gambi with Val's metabooster.
Or all the metas everywhere?
And I bet that it's vials from the extracted metagenes being moved to where they're being harvested.
We know whatever Tobias is doing with these stolen metagenes, it ain't good.
Metaboosters, my friend.
That's right. I now control who has meta powers and who doesn't.
She's the only metavigilante unaffected.
I recently worked with a patient who possessed the power to nullify metas, rendering them normal, for lack of a better verbiage.
You and the other meta filth deserve to be wiped from the face of the Earth.
Everybody in here has been tested negative for COVID, just like you. Okay?
We're still in a pandemic.
Ethan should never have taken me off the COVID ward.
Someone was hit with a metal bat the other day.
Someone was hit with a metal bat the other day.
They had metal bats.
They'll run through us like Metamucil.
Right there. See if you can zoom in.
 Metadata is encrypted.
I was vaccinated.
 Even if I did what you are accusing me of, there are plenty other white surgeons out there who did elective surgeries during COVID.
First it was the emergency back surgery and then his COVID infection, and now this.
The guy who got COVID in your OR is suing you.
Then there would be another cancer cell metastasis.
And the name of the company will be Lily Metals.
Face Time. Zoom.
It has no metabolic influence on ordinary organisms.
Remember when Choi Taeri blows a whistle when the camera zooms in on the male lead?
 It's Covid protocol.
Starting today, Lily Metals will be my identity.
Zoom in on the window.
[Park Minyoung] and earth with metal. That's what it says.
[beeps] [metal clanks] [groans in pain] [door slams] [groans in pain]
March 07, 2021
Odd metaphor, but okay.
Before COVID, Mom was planning on inviting half of Guadalajara.
These are The Stone Twins. These are my clients. ‐They're huge on TikTok.
Maybe if you weren't on TikTok, I would have known
Great. I think I heard metal shoes. Okay. Hello.
First he beats COVID, now this?
It's just a little something I started during the pandemic. Seems to be hangin' in there.
I saw her at Bergdorf prepandemic.
Hey, what if we do a TikTok dance together?
Zoom in! Increase the resolution.
 I don't want to die of COVID.
It's COVID!
You know there's a pandemic?
Well find us a vaccine, because I need to open.
Pandemic
Bill Gates, the deep state, vaccination
The best remedy is the vaccine I'm working on, Diego.
If you can't smell pear you have COVID.
 It's my vaccine.
I discovered the vaccine.
Zoom in.
Eisenhower, vaccine, side salad, mixed greens. What is this?
I've also added metal fillings to certain teeth to ensure we get the pairings that we want.
No, it's just for my Zoom. I finally found a good background,
I wake blindfolded, strapped to a metal chair.
We have a timetable issue.
 A lot of little Zoom boxes.
You're COVID negative, though. One thing we don't have to worry about.
It metabolizes, releases gas into the atmosphere, changes the air.
If you don't put your mask back on, you're gonna be high on COVID.
Crammed into airless metal boxes seems to be the theme of this deployment?
Bravo 5, you and Metal take the backside, dual entry on me.
I'm not actually made of metal.
 What do you do on TikTok?
OG metacriminals, actually.
The guard that Xotar attacked recovered as soon as she was metacuffed.
Metal molds, wooden molds.
And with this pandemic and all the online classes
The pandemic must have clouded her mind.
This cork is surrounded by sharp metal.
Was it metallic, the taste?
Tests confirm that the lung cancer has metastasized to his brain.
The news is saying it's a twoweek lockdown.
Financial losses from COVID.
Your mom's coronary arteries are clear. No evidence of infarction.  There you go, Nat.
Pandemic Passion.
March 28, 2021
Edward Thatch is undergoing a metamorphosis.
I, uh, assumed since we were on Zoom that I didn't need to clean out my desk.
Silver lining to the pandemic.
It's 2021.
Your recent COVID test has come back negative, your ABG's improved, your RSBI looks promising, and oxygen requirements have decreased.
The normal COVID floor capacity's at 80%, ICU is okay.
He said he hasn't left his house since lockdown, right?
The ones who've sacrificed their lives to fight a pandemic, who hardly sleep or eat or even shower, who see their families on screens
You know, the last guy that worked in here would have been really impressed with this coronal sectioning.
 Put the metal detectors down!
And then I got that invitation in the mail, for a Zoom apparently, whatever the hell that is.
Zoom in on his fingers?
Closeup on your hero Shoot tight, then zoom.
The location of the metastases still likely leaves it inoperable.
Yeah, I just wanted to speed up our free COVID testing.
 Back up and zoom in.
You mean, like a metaphor?
His wife has tested positive for COVID?
Do you have any hobbies outside of rescuing kittens or administering COVID tests?
We are trapped in a car in a pandemic. This is
So we went on a first real date, and three months later, the pandemic hit, so we decided to quarantine together.
COVID negative. GCS 15. BP 100/70.
 Hmm, one day. But for now, it's a precaution we take in the COVID ICU.
It's not as fancy as the Villas, but it's outside, and it'sit's COVIDsafe, and it has a lot of the same trees
We didn't know there was gonna be a pandemic, you know? We
I don't know if you've read the news, but we're in a pandemic. What?
I used metal epoxy to fill the cracks so it wouldn't get any worse.
GabriMarta2021.
I hope my wishes will come true in 2021.
The current twokilometer lockdown to remain in force.
A deadly pandemic, its epicenter right here in New York City.
The warmer water around the pond's edge helps speed up their metamorphosis.
 Already vaccinated for COVID.
No, no, we have the vaccines.
Vaccinated.
We need to get this vaccine to the people who need it the most, the ones who don't have access to it.
This box is composed of a radiation absorbing metal.
The cliff was a metaphor
My restaurant ran out. Heh, zoom.
You have Filipina nurses who say goodbye to their families and their own country to come here to work the front lines of a pandemic being attacked in the streets.
You have a metal rod lodged in your skull, so I need to gently elevate your head.
 Actually, it's not, because RonaVaxx is not a real treatment for COVID.
Now you're COVIDfree, and you're vaccinated.
Police describe the mysterious assailant as a grim metaphor for a universe without justice. BROCKMAN (over TV):
You know how many people of color we've already lost since the pandemic started?
I liked it better before COVID and all, but don't you already know all this from the letters you make me write?
Our business actually boomed during the pandemic.
*THE RESIDENT* Season 04 Episode 13 Episode Title: Finding Family Aired on: May 11, 2021
I have a Zoom meeting with the headmaster. I'll see you in a bit.
COVID19 was a planetary impact we were illequipped to deal with.
♪ Making a literal difference Metaphorically ♪
♪ Or DM a girl and groom her Do a Zoom or find a tumor ♪
 You know, it's one thing to just totally rip my heart out, but in the middle of a pandemic?
The scans showed no new metastases.
I need to know if there's any lung tissue you can test for COVID.
The lungs you were given had been infected with COVID.
I don't wanna come off as that guy that's like, Look at me, I'm a musician 'cause I have a guitar in the back of my Zoom.
I mean, even without a pandemic.
Hey, my man. Just talking about how hard it is to make it in COVID, bro.
You know, you've got a talent for pandemic wedding planning, Victoria.
Even when he has COVID, I'm still helping him to the bathroom.
We have to stop thinking about COVID in terms of who survives and who doesn't.
There are millions of people who are going to be suffering from the aftereffects of COVID, and we need to advocate for them as hard as we advocate for everybody else.
Correct, and so this idea of what COVID19 has done to people
It hurts because at the end of the day, there's so much going on, and everybody's starting to realize that mental health right now during COVID is huge.
Metaphorical ones, but still.
At least 3,500 healthcare workers died from COVID, and just as many have walked away from medicine altogether, so you need me.
The pandemic took surgeries out of our residents' hands.
Lockdown in effect for 24 hours.
*THE OWL HOUSE* Season 02 Episode 05 Title: Through the Looking Glass Ruins Aired on: July 10, 2021.
In fact, Australia declared a pandemic 12 days before the World Health Organization did.
It's just that fire weakens metal.
I think we've been COVIDblessed out here, babe.
Zoom in.
 Just run! Get rid of all the metal!
*AMERICAN DAD* Season 16 Episode 08 IMDB Episode Title: Dancin' AWith Wy Cell Aired on: June 07, 2021.
2021 HAENAM SWEET POTATO JUNIOR BADMINTON COMPETITION
2021 HAENAM SWEET POTATO JUNIOR BADMINTON COMPETITION
Why build on his metaphor?
Zoom in there.
We'll bring 'em in here, we'll vaccinate 'em for diseases and parasites that we deal with down here.
*AMERICAN RUST* Season 01 Episode 05 Episode Title:  Jojo AmeriGo Aired on: October 10, 2021.
It's for ALCAPA, an anomalous left coronary artery from the pulmonary artery.
Whoa, Leo's TikTok is deadass lit!
I'm going to my coronation ceremony come hell or shark water.
I mean, I know he's a preacher and all, but it's 2021.
A metaphorical island.
Elon Musk invented Tesla on this.
It's a common conception that you are exposed to heavy metal in a special environment such as factories.
Especially, this area is the first place affected by fine dust containing heavy metal.
After the outbreak of the pandemic, the foundation aggressively expanded its charity work.
I know. Let's make a TikTok together.
We had some shows set up for this entire year, you know, preMarch, and then COVID hit.
If this cat had had vaccination, she would not have died.
Are you not scared of COVID?
You pass this information on to the Kenyan Army so they can get the vaccines back.
At least adventuring was just a metaphor for romantic partnership so it's not a real breakup.
It's a metaphor for capitalism, Morty. What do you think?
We only need to look at the recent pandemic, how the queen was able to bring a country together.
In January 2021, rioters stormed the US Capitol, and flags were everywhere.
They plan on analyzing and reengineering metamaterial samples that according to many indicators, do not originate on our planet.
I'm sure you know. The minimum wage in 2021 is 8,720 won per hour.
[metal clanks]
 [metal clanks]  [masked man 2] Turn around.
This issue is not like the coronavirus, where you need one vaccine to deal with one virus and its variants.
I don't remember seasons during the pandemic.
And he said, You have to take it off, because I'll do a cleansing and you can't have any metal on your body.
[woman 2] The decision takes into account the risk of contagion with the new coronavirus.
[metal clanks]
[somber music plays] [metal clanks] [sobs]
Metal sheets are a question mark, but I only see two sets of tracks.
I cannot walk into the coronation with a dead patriarch, or he'll unleash chaos from the grave.
We cut her throat at the coronation, put the crown on your head.
Catching COVID out of nowhere and trying to work from home and sending notes, that was probably the most difficult part about this show.
There is a pandemic going on, in case you haven't heard.
 Twelve  Do you have an intention for 2021?
But down the road, some Habitat for Humanity houses also survived the storm, thanks to a few much cheaper fortifications, like metal ties, strategically placed nails, and sealed shutters, which added just a few percentage points to building costs.
Okay, that's what happens to metal in 95degree heat. Everybody, step back.
Metaphorically.
 [all grunting]  [metal clanking]
[metal clanking]
MATCHDAY 29 / APRIL 17, 2021 VFL WOLFSBURG 2
 FEBRUARY 6, 2021
 MARCH 19, 2021 UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE DRAW
APRIL 9, 2021  4 DAYS BEFORE SECOND LEG Hello.
We have a contract with Hansi Flick and his contract lasts until at least the end of the 202122 season.
His health has never been the same since he had COVID.
When millions lost their lives during the pandemic, you survived.
Since COVID, we've seen a big increase in crimes against Asian Americans.
Even before the pandemic well, I'll leave it to your imagination what we were called.
[Rowland] The most popular TikTokers know how to use their stanky face, the coy tongue bite, and the uhuh! face, all while doing really fast moves.
[Rowland] That 2021 Jimmy Fallon segment didn't credit the creators of any of these dances, most of whom were Black teenagers.
And then came social media apps, like Dubsmash and TikTok where dance crazes were even harder.
[The Space] [Tuesday 6/27/2021]
We can make a TikTok, and I want to show you something in my room.
So with Covid cases, it can be useful to quantify pulmonary edema.
So, was Tuck holding it down during lockdown?
One of the things I really wanted to capture in my study was the thing that had really changed in the UK as a result of COVID.
The case is metal.
It's, uh, Milo said metal case.
Tell 'em to lift the lockdown.
It might make sense to think of these stories as tales about metamorphosis and transformation.
She's a Black female swimmer who wears blue, metaphorically speaking.
November 14, 2021.
It's a private flight, so no metal detectors.
I go back to prison, Meta's crew is gonna kill me on the inside.
I had it. Dave Chappelle gave me COVID.
[laughing] But the first time, he hits me up right at the beginning of the pandemic.
Lets start the Q  A session on Baek Seung Yu's thesis which won the Lucifer Prize at the 2021 World Mathematics Olympics.
2021 New Admission Applications
You know, with, uh, my brain tumor and then the pandemic andand then my job, you know, at times, II really felt a
KPC isn't airborne like a virus or COVID.
Sure, but why would I want to be like Elon Musk?
 Geospatial metadata?
All the time during the pandemic.
We had a lot of patients who died claiming COVID was made up.
 Where'd you learn that? TikTok.
Whatever metaphor we go with,
The bullet hit the back of the hand, fourth metacarpal bone, and exited through the thenar eminence.
OLD GREEN METAL BOX WAS IN FRONT OF HER BED.
The Federal Criminal Police arrived with metal detectors to look for weapons.
A metatarsal bone.
Let's talk about the controversial thing, the vaccine.
That's a meta joke.
Krispy Kreme offered free doughnuts to the vaccinated.
I refused to have the vaccine, twice.
Later that day, you picketed a vaccine center.
As the gentrification of space continues, another rich kid's dream is livestreamed as ultrabillionaire and world's most eligible skull Jeff Bezos blasts off inside a rocketpowered Freudian metaphor, every suggestive moment captured for a smirking public.
Riding a wave of nostalgia, Trump continues to peddle lies at fistpumping, COVIDspiking, newsmaking rallies.
With the deadline just hours away for all New York State health care workers to get vaccinated, officials are taking drastic action.
 Madison, have you been vaccinated?  That's all I want to know.
While they may not have made everything normal again, vaccines have given us the normalest of the new normals so far.
Well, we got on well on Zoom.
THE AUTOMATED SYSTEM OF 2021 SHOCKS THE WEREWOLF
Who carries around paper maps in 2021?
Metallic Cat.
All right, your 2021 Cali High Prom King is
Besides, there are no shrimp chips there, and I still haven't ridden in one of those metal birds, and no air conditioning.
 I'm zooming.
 We have a coronation.
Say thanks to Lisa, big metal bee.
He loved that piece of metal more than anything.
Pure metal. I checked it.
Zoom in.
You know, like, to metal. Why do you do it?
It's a coronal mass ejection.
There's a complete lockdown at the GRC meeting in Lower Manhattan where authorities are saying they're tracking multiple threats from groups seeking to stop the GRC's vote on global resettlement.
Happy Day of Coronation, Maya!
It's a beast. It shoots metal alloy using magnetic fields. Cool, right?
Ooh, this one is about a guy who's an underwater welder, and starts seeing ghosts on the bottom of the ocean, and this one is about a Jack Russell terrier who's a master of the metaphysical arts.
Well, guess what? All's you're gonna be able to do is sing heavy metal if you slit your throat.
Yeah, polar ice melt, uh, Russia, 2023 to 2048.
The handle's metal so we need to be careful.
The metal handles?
The end of the world is getting near at the end of 2022.
Metallic.
 The, the RDX Metabolic Profiler.
You know, actually, I took a lot more metal from your friend's body.
My dread lord, though willingly I came to Denmark to show my duty in your coronation, yet now, I must confess, duty done, my thoughts and wishes bend again toward France.
Anyway, girl, we're about to do this bris on Zoom.
I can't zoom in. Oh, shit, it's live.
Zoom in.
I mean, I remember what ha quickly deleted this on TikTok.
I need to sort my life out, basically when, uh, lockdown restrictions were lifted, me and my wife, who was pregnant at the time, we decided to go out and celebrate lockdown lifting.
I watched my dad walk through a metal detector drinking a two litre bottle of Lilt.
Or metal?
COVID50.
I like the Glass Onion as a metaphor.
Governor jets off to Greece in a pandemic with a men's rights YouTuber who dies!
Meeting with the metal workers. She looks good.
We are gathered here to acknowledge that towards the end of 2021, the members here in front of us, members of the CPD's Intelligence Unit, initiated an investigation into the activities of a violent polycriminal street gang
These are pictures of metal shavings in wire bundles.
You're suggesting I use metal as an antibiotic?
Emotionally, physically, metaphysically, spiritually, karmically, cosmically, interdimensionally
Even though he still needs the visual metaphor of this computer and keyboard.
I was in a bad metal band.
He's been into many things since I met him, but he's stuck with metal longer than any of them.
It doesn't seem metal to ask if he's got his dad's permission, so I won't.
We need a bass player. A metal bass player.
Metal is commitment, and speaking truth to power, and sticking it to the man, and speed.
Kevin, we are a metal band.
We are not a sort of metal band. We are a metal band.
Are we talking gayness, or heavy metal, or virginity?
And we saw it with COVID.
Don't you have a a long lens that zoom in that you can see me with?
[metal scraping]
Thomas is a metaphor for life, not how to actually drive
 Most metal ever!  Oh my Oh my God.
Just a pile of metal.
I mean, it's 2021, for Christ's sake.
They're the original glam metal. They started it all.
Payro, look. I designed the phone for 2022. What do you think?
Your metal granddad.
Yeah They're like metal detectors for written symbols.
So basically, Legacy Management Global is an iceberg, or a fucking Russian nesting doll, pick your metaphor.
 TikTok, TikTok.
No, I didn't know that all my Zoom calls were being recorded.
Silly knight. That was a metaphor.
Attempting manual power lockdown.
 He is Metatron.
You really think they will turn against us, because he has one of Metatron's angels prisoner?
The task is very clear. Metal cans with food inside them.
Metal cans. Do you hear? Do you understand me?
It's confusing speaking in metaphors all the time, isn't it?
We'll lockdown at the palace.
We are in lockdown.
Okay. This is not a drill. We are on lockdown.
My grandmammy told me that the toughest asshole can be taken down by the tiniest piece of metal.
I have a nose for gossip and I follow half your grade on TikTok.
 Metatah.
Uh, is that a religious metaphor that I'm not getting, or
History, March 21, 2021
The lace plating is new metallurgy. It came out of Protomolecule research.
Then we rezoom back in.
Medically speaking, we'd need further testing to determine the source of the problem, but metaphorically, seems like your body is telling you not to fight.
It's 2024.
She'll use the metals in her body to create primitive nanoprobes
Corona, New York. The Queens.
(Celtic heavy metal music playing)
 So if I zoom in a little more
I'm not sick! I don't have COVID!
*THE OWL HOUSE Season 02 Episode 16 Episode Title: Hollow Mind Aired on: April 23, 2022.
Also, I'd die before betraying the metas of this city, and putting them in any danger.
Metabullets?
Whenever I'm in high stress situations around other metas it just happens.
If there's a meta serial killer out there, we need to find them before somebody else gets hurt.
And when I told them that we had a ghost meta on our hands, they gave me this.
But once you sign with me, total information lockdown.
Till we get to July 1st, 2023, and that becomes our new checkpoint.
Pandemics, these things exist in
[Jinsu and Gwinam grunting] [metal clatters]
 [squeaking]  [metal clanking] What the hell? You bastard.
Someone drove a piece of metal into that woman, okay?
I don't wanna pressure you into this, but it's 2021.
 Stupid lens cap. Is it zoomed?
And then, we zoom in by doing a little bit of math by dividing the seconds by six, which brings us down to the tenths.
Other than covid, I think my mum and dad have missed two games probably in three or four years.
No, I mean, she's got a lot going on with TikTok and that kind of stuff.
He's in Coronado right now, and we have his list.
I'm so sick of Zoom.
IN MEMORY OF JERZEGO TRELI 1942  2022
I want my degree in astronomy, and I want a seat on Elon Musk's flight to Mars.
Mother diagnosed with metastatic cancer.
That's on your face, Henry. You stuck a piece of metal in the center of your face.
That is one of the most convoluted metaphors I have ever encountered.
It was in a little trunk made out of made out of wood and metal.
June 2nd, 2024.
A metaphorical weighing of souls.
Okay, you're gonna need something small and metal to carry the current, like
I'll have a Corona.
TTo build something like that would require tools and metal alloys that aren't exactly available at Home Depot.
So, CC was standing in the puddle created by the washer fluid with metal claws on her boots.
I call it in, my T.O. puts the pedal to the metal, lights and sirens.
Uh, zzoom in on me, guys.
It's kind of metallic.
Anyway, he's in perfect health in there and he can unroll when he chooses to but can also stay in metabolic hibernation pretty much indefinitely.
Zoom in on her.
Zoom right in on him.
Does Germany have its own Elon Musk?
We're on something of a lockdown.
I know that death metal device.
Okay, let me tell you something, Kate Hoffman. What you're experiencing right now?  It's like, a metaphor.
Probably do a TikTok in Edinburgh and they're all doing 60second shows and stuff like that.
Tom's Wikipedia says he didn't move out of his parents' house until May 2021.
 Uh, metaphorically speaking, of course.
You teach people how to use salad forks on TikTok or something?
So this is the vaccine that stops humans from being turned?
COVID.
Oh, and I downloaded the song so we can do our TikTok tomorrow morning.
Looking at it now, it's evident that the pandemic influenced Buzz's story.
Um, all of his TikToks go viral, which nowadays, is the true mark of a great musician.
There's no graduation this year due to coronavirus.
They're taking advantage of the coronavirus to pull all kinds of crap.
So, there I was, stranded in Brooklyn, on a Zoom, trying to get a Lyft, but it was impossible because it was rush hour.
And what do you mean by spreading to bone metastases?
It'll go a lot further because the solar storm will reduce us down to bartering our precious metals.
Your surgery wasn't pushed because of the pandemic.
Get them under lockdown right away.
I mean, I guess we could always try to get a dance to go viral on TikTok.
 She can torture a metaphor, but she always gets her manchild. [chuckles]
Okay, then where's your metahunting dagger or your purple head fan?
So you're a meta, too?
It was founded by a teenager in Keystone who later became known as the metahuman Ultraviolet.
I don't know. It's a little meta for me.
I'm an alcoholic teenager, and even I think the metaphor here is pretty obvious.
Unfortunately, the CA199 levels were high, and your PET scans showed high metabolic activity of cancer cells in your pancreas and liver.
IN MEMORY OF PAOLA SUAREZ 19802021
Came back, and it had a massive metal lump on the back.
Yeah. I'll pinch out to zoom in.
Heavy metal?
Kunikida, have you ever listened to Metallica?
Yeah, keep up with the metaphor here. Right? Hagit lost Avihai and moved on to another team member.
2022 RUBE GOLDBERG CONTEST THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE
You're gonna have to demetaphor that for me.
Hey, I actually didn't have the flu. I had COVID, and it sucked.
We would almost play house because we would do things together with our kids, we would go to museums and go to church, and last year, during the pandemic, we were texting, and so, I just put it out there like flirtatious conversation.
 No, COVID, burnout
If you don't have any metastasis, we can remove the tumor without affecting your breast.
Look at Ice Cube. Ice Cube doesn't want to get the vaccine.
Reverend Salazar was so overworked by the pandemic, she resigned.
Stella's meltdown landed her in lockdown, and before I even had a chance to check on her, she had posted and disappeared.
Avulsion fracture of the fifth metatarsal.
[suspenseful music] [metal clanks]
 Officials at the Environmental Protection Agency determine how much and just what kind of metal
Considering all those TikTok notifications, she must have an account.
We've seen it in longhaul COVID patients like yourself; there's even a name, FibroCOVID.
Contracted it when he was five, a month before the vaccine came out.
I'm doing a TikTok challenge.
However, I was able to lift trace amounts of PGMs, also known as platinum group metals.
They're highly durable metals with catalytic properties.
 ♪ Woah, I'm Gipetto with the rap ♪ ♪ Watch me pedal to the metal ♪
Let's throw a COVID safety meeting.
(2021 HANGUK UNIVERSITY DEPARTMENT OF VISUAL DESIGN)
As the second princess of the Kingdom of Metallicana,
Supermetaspiriphysi tastically!
I don't really I don't wanna talk about COVID tonight.
Something else I learned during COVID, especially during lockdown, is I am not qualified to meet all of my wife's conversational needs.
So every morning during lockdown,
Now, some good stuff happened during COVID too.
One month into COVID, my mom's flip phone broke, and so we bought her her very first iPhone.
I'm only doing this 'cause Gibbons said he would give me a week off to go on my Metallica cruise.
If you can't see the metaphor here, I'm actually
A carton of guava juice, can of lysol, a whole pineapple, corona bottle filled with sand, wrestling magazines, socks, a bottle of ranch dressing, nacho cheese doritos, a tupperware of my keke pua'a,
Okay, looks good. Nothing metallic retained.
Coming into 2021, there's a lot of speculation that this could be Valtteri Bottas's fifth and final year at Mercedes.
Welcome to the Friday press conference ahead of the 2021 FIA Formula 1 Qatar Grand Prix.
Welcome along to the final round of this 2021 season.
And let me tell you something, Jerry Lawler, that hunk of metal got off a lot easier than Rocky Johnson will.
I only have business with you, the Fullmetal Alchemist.
They call him the Fullmetal Alchemist.
I must have a fast metabolism.
It's a metaphor for the country.
Zoom in on three.
But then, out of nowhere after all this time, like a year, suddenly three vaccines came out the same day.
The time has come for us to display our honor as proud knights of the kingdom of Metallicana!
By the way, as we speak, your country, Metallicana, is being attacked by the Third Unit from my Rebel Army.
Tomorrow, we will attack Metallicana. They are guarding the second seal.
He's a scourge on the Kingdom of Metallicana!
We've tried everything to move him, but a metal piece from the door has pierced his abdomen.
Her blood gas shows a severe metabolic acidosis that she couldn't compensate for.
Well, hehe said he thinks you're my ball.  It's a stupid old man metaphor thing, but he basically, he was saying that maybe you and I should, um  Your what?
I got COVID, and it was nothing but a bad cold.
She runs a nonprofit in Brooklyn that's proUkraine.
What now? We stay quiet and we wait for them to lift the lockdown.
He saved Metallicana, but he's still an enemy to women!
Before we start, we need to elect a leader of class of 2021.
YEAR 2021
Plus, later on in my story, I'm gonna use this marina as a metaphor.
[reporter 2] The World Health Organization has officially called it COVID19.
Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom! Time to go!
A vaccine and some immunoglobulins.
COVID, diphtheria, pertussis, yada yada.
And I had a blood clot from COVID, and I was in the hospital for weeks, and you were vaccinated the whole time, you son of a bitch!
You are gonna regret saying that when I upload this and your goofy dance goes viral on TikTok.
It's a solid metal funpass.
We're on lockdown. My guys are mobilizing now.
Mm, heavy metal.
If anyone's in there, just know that I have a very large piece of metal in my hand, and I will Wile E. Coyote your face!
Like, if you had to cook, and we were in the middle of Covid
I'd say my recovery was harder than my Covid, which was really weird to me.
We like to play with the metaverse.
[laughing] Not when I've spent two hours of company time onÂ TikTok.
 Can you zoom in with the exoscope?
You went through everything from all the chemistry, the metallurgical aspects of reactors, reactor physics, pump theory, electrical theory, you name it.
A diagnosis of anemia means the level of metals in your blood is practically nonexistent, which would account for your plummeting weight.
And before you roll your eyes, cousin, ancient alchemists failed to create a formula that could turn basic metals like lead or iron into gold, but they did devise a spell that could turn gold into iron.
Like, you can't say shit like that to somebody in 2022.
This is Elon Musk's story
The company's founder is Elon Musk.
Let's go into full lockdown mode!
Which I can't, because you got us on Yeehaw Whoa Pardner Giddyup Lockdown.
 It doesn't zoom any closer.
Io's metallic core generates a magnetic field connecting its own poles with the poles of Jupiter.
You don't understand what is it like in Ukraine, scared every moment.
June 12, 2022.
In 2021, they racked up more than 84,000 arrests.
Intel has determined that the Kornets used in the attack were supplied by an arms dealer operating out of the port of Sukhumi, Georgia, most likely skimmed from Russia's campaign in Ukraine.
Thom is scanning the entire search area using a militarygrade metal detector designed to locate unexploded bombs.
Now,theteamwillbegin to search for the treasure using metal detectors that are different from Thom's.
I scheduled a Zoom with a real estate agent from Ocala, Florida.
The pain and the feeling of metal ripping through my flesh
More blue metal dust. Mm.
I feel like Cosette is like a sloppy metaphor for the female college experience.
I'm speaking metaphorically.
 Let's do a duet TikTok video.
In 2022, the front company of an organized crime operation,
Today, we learned the 2020 games will be pushed back to next year, due to the coronavirus.
So there's a giant field, and all the people who don't want to get the vaccine, all the fatties and the fuckin' lunatics, right?
A couple of years ago, before all this stupid fuckin' pandemic shit started,
If you have fever or related symptoms, please isolate yourself and call the COVID hotline, 1922.
He let Wu out and gave us all COVID.
If my metal shop teacher could see me being all sciencey
I think any metal out here is worth digging.
We have the metal detector.
Jack shapes the explosive materials into a special inverted funnel, which when ignited will direct the explosion into a jetlike stream downward, piercing the metal shell of the UXO, detonating all the explosives inside, and ultimately destroying it.
They got a precious metal hit.
And this metal detector only detects precious metals.
After getting the all clear from his Covid test,
Well Covid has put paid to the Premier League games this weekend.
WOOSIN: Oh, it's the metal pin.
Zoom in on camera three.
JUDGE: Case number 20214576.
(metallic clattering)
Zoom into Park Chang ho.
Geumgang ATM first made their cassette security device in 2021.
The key technology of the 2022 model of automatic teller machines that Ihwa ATM made is the cassette with the security device.
Starting the night of January 18, 2022, into the morning of the 19th, did you hack into Raon and take 40,954,173 personal data records?
Article 643, Paragraph 1, Item 6 of the Act on the Information and Communications Network was revised and enforced on January 19, 2022.
[Jung Hee] In North Korea, we have secured a hundred million anthrax vaccines needed to produce the treatment, as well as a large scale assembly line, so that Dr. Jung's research can be carried out smoothly.
The centerpiece will be a heavyduty metal bondage bed, built to withstand all of Tricia and Gary's hardcore antics.
They want to book my friend Sumi from my TikTok.
I actually owned a CrossFit gym for about 15 years, but when the pandemic hit, the gym shut down, and we created a great mobile pizza company:
HHey, lockdown burned through most of our savings, business has not been I know, I know, I know.
 The leather or the metal?
 Saw it on TikTok. Looked cool.
Look at Lockdown.
Lockdown, come on!
But an FBI file from 2022 does reference a long held belief that La Serpiente was headed by woman.
The case has metal in it. Shoot the case.
Now, to his discredit when there is a blazingeyed Valkyrie holding a vaginacolored piece of metal threatening to kill you,
Right when the vaccine came out, I have a friend, lives out in Riverside.
They send us TikTok videos.
Fuck, Covid changed everything.
So you get on Zoom calls with them, and go, Really quick, turn on all your lights.
Another guy gets on Zoom calls and sells light bulbs.
Zoom. Rrr  Oh!
Really loving these Zooms.
The fictional versions of you trapped me in a Bible show for children, but I used makebelieve Christ to transcend fiction and enter metareality.
Alrighty, class of 2022.
unidentifiable metallic taste in my mouth.
You know, me and, uh, Clayvy Crockett are heading up to Full Metal's cabin to get our hunt on.
Metadata shows he generated it and sent it off.
We made the Michelin Guide in 2019, but unfortunately, we weren't able to rebound after COVID.
I flew some of my men to Ukraine, some to the US, and evacuated my family to another country.
Does vaccinating animals fall under police duties?
It looks like it has metabolic acidosis too.
Well, I am in menopause, if that's what that's a metaphor for.
He was never vaccinated for it, and his gram stain is showing gramnegative diplococci.
Now, if you can't read eightfoottall letters etched into metal and etched into history, how could you possibly have seen my client do anything?
I don't know, feel, like, fulfilled and have an adventure, and, like, I'm sick of fucking TikTok and and Bumble, and just screens and apps and sitting there binging Netflix.
A super fancy metal detector, crazy accurate.
Zoom in.
I just love sports metaphors. Me too.
Aired on: October 30, 2022.
I COVID tested multiple times, rapid and PCR, but the results were always negative.
Looking at Brock's vaccination history, if he had to deploy there, he could.
♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪ Episode Title: The Grounch Aired on: December 19, 2022.
With metal detectors, which obviously won't
Yeah, it turns out, it's not just a metaphysical diner, but a chain, too.
DELEX METALS AND QUALITY REBAR
Chlorine and metal levels seem to be fine here.
It was right as everything was going down with the pandemic,
Full lockdown, now. No one gets in or out.
CEO Elon Musk creating chaos with a single tweet.
THIS IS ELON MUSK'S STORY
And then we see these, these metal pieces raining down.
[metal clangs] [orchestral ringtone continues]
 Zoom. Poop.  Mother.
Shrouded in secrecy up until now this is Elon Musk's pet project.
The pressure on Elon Musk continues to mount.
Billionaire Elon Musk of Tesla and SpaceX fame like we've never seen him before.
2022
Retired from politics in 2014, lost his wife to COVID in May of 2020.
Metaphor.
It was just a metaphor.
Okay, well, I'm going to get out of your hair and let you metabolize all of this and everything.
 It's a condition where one of your coronary arteries runs through your heart muscle, instead of on top as it should.
The winner to organize the 2022 FIFA World Cup is
So, uh, Qatar would withdraw the candidature of Bin Hammam, and Blatter would not anymore speak about the way Qatar won the election to become host country of the World Cup 2022.
I hope to have the chance to welcome all of you in 2022.
Trace metal in those match the ash found on top of Mikel Koslov's blood.
So, historically, patients like Tessa ended up with a flat metal plate to cover their vital organs, which might've kept them safe, but also left them unable to move.
I know people who are married were going through their own personal hell during COVID.
Maybe have, like, a COVIDsafe date in the backyard.
I go inside. I look at his COVID test. It's negative.
Now you have COVID. Get the fuck out of my house!
Can't we zoom in?
Darin, this past year with COVID, has been working from home.
All of my hospitality real estate projects were crushed by the pandemic.
Metal shoes and a horse cock?
It's a metal box that can transport you upwards.
This is called aorta, and this is a coronary sulcus.
It's metastasized to your liver and your kidneys.
Stephanie, it's 2022.
This is my blueprint for the vaccine.
We can develop the vaccine now. I think I'm onto something.
We're headed to Kahndaq to apprehend and contain a ClassA rogue metahuman.
And Metal.
It metastasizes and outlives love.
Kazoom!
Dmitry Popov served in Ukraine and Afghanistan.
or postpone if the minister and his government would agree to cease all further incursions into Ukraine.
He's the biggest arms dealer in Ukraine and really developing an eye for contemporary postmodern work.
So I'm left with patchwork, digital residue, and metadata.
Isn't it so unhygienic how everything's still made of metal here?
That's a great metaphor for a tired woman with a face that's so marked by time.
I'm trying to tear that house down so I can build a tennis court for me and my family to play during the pandemic.
Apparently, it isn't because the pandemic is almost over and there's no tennis court.
The best metal album
Please, God, tell me this is a metaphor.
I know there's a lot of things that I don't understand, but I know metal.
Of course you meant it metaphorically.
Zoom in to unit 8C.
Hey, I thought Korvo said no more throwing metal in the house after you got that butter knife stuck in his eye.
Yeah, man, break out the Coronas.
It was between her and a Scott Adams Zoom where he teaches you how to be bitter.
I'll get you on a zoom. You know, the zoom.
A coronation gift from the King of Wakanda.
If you're talking metaphorically, please tell me what you mean by a second.
I'm here on Andy Ronson's behalf to invite you to his 2023 Retreat.
No metal comes beyond this point.
Lord Aethelstan, you should make haste to Wessex for coronation.
Our orders are to make sure that people don't breach the lockdown, but if you need anything, here is my card.
DAY 4 OF LOCKDOWN are now ready to manufacture on a large scale face masks approved by the Health Department.
And I admit it, Metallica is a good record.
A metal box about this big. Could be a hard drive.
After two years of a pandemic and now a war in Ukraine, it's incredible to look down and see how connected we all are.
The metadata confirms these images have been online for years.
I just wanted to talk to him, and then Alex said that not everybody's on my timetable.
Zoom in. Zoom in on her necklace.
 [metal squeaking, hissing]  [Junho grunts] [groans]
Oh, you should have requested a Zoom consult then.
The minute Russia savaged Ukraine, every NATO state's been waiting to see if I meant it when I said, An attack on one is an attack on all.
Big country. Butchered Ukraine.
They marched into Ukraine, and thought to buy our assent with the price of petrol.
And then COVID hit and I said, Okay, I'm staying.
Gas prices have been over $5 a gallon nationwide for months, thanks in large part to the ongoing war in Ukraine both in terms of supply disruptions and trade restrictions placed on the Putin regime by the U.S. and its allies.
Wait, is Zoomer sick?
Andy controls every aspect of Zoomer's life.
And just imagine, when Andy first showed us this hotel, he wouldn't let Zoomer go outside.
But I can't let Zoomer grow up in a house of pain like I did.
Your exwife called you queer and you hit the brakes so hard that you sent Sol flying through the metaphorical windshield.
You know, I used to get asked all the time what happens after TikTok.
Start to metastasise.
Metal!
Rest in metal.
I didn't take you for a TikToker.
Can you zoom in for us, please, Jalal?
And don't say something deep and metaphorical about that.
I know we have a timetable, but my gut tells me we should advance.
MARCH 5 2022
I think that trauma needs to be painted over with a good Tour de France this year, in 2022.
Monday, April 16th, 2022.
Well, I'm gonna speak to Bram in the morning, and see if we can figure out a way to get four more Jews out of a city that's in lockdown.
Welcome to the great chain robbery, as in Blockchain, Binance, Coinbase, and MetaMask.
The Red Cross International Committee will suspend its activities in Ukraine due to the Russian strikes.
A Russian missile strike on the Chaplyne train station in Central Ukraine killed more than 20 people and injured 50.
Boomers versus Zoomers?
We can post on your little TikTok and make Quinn jealous of all the fun we're having.
Okay, I've lost the thread on the bucket metaphor. Are we the bucket or is our friendship the bucket?
Anywho, lockdown's lifted. You're all free to go.
2023.
It all started when I saw a TikTok about this guy.
We could do an infinity room with LED lights, but just zoom in right on this motherfucker's f
 Spotlight  Zippity zoom, sir.
He was speaking metaphorically.
It's oxidized metals!
Check out this new contour tip I found on TikTok.
Lee? Why would take Zoomer away from Andy?
And, Zoomer did he ask you to help Rohan, too?
Did Zoomer Ronson kill Bill Farrah, Ray?
Zoomer, this is Ray.
 Zoomer? You aren't going to let them end our game, are you?
 Our game goes on forever.  Zoomer?
You want to keep our secrets, don't you?  I don't want to hurt you, Zoomer.
 You admitted to a felony on TikTok.
One of the, uh, crime scene members, uh, had a, uh, metal detector and started going over the areas that Heinrich had pointed out and then the location he thought was most likely the crime scene was there.
The whole island is on lockdown.
If you are Han Junhee from 2023, then where's my niece, Kwon Minju, who's supposed to be in that body?
Metal is not as dense as lead, which affects the accuracy.
Okay. Looks like we're in a complete security lockdown.
It's probably just the metal expanding. It happens sometimes.
 It's metastasized into the ocular orbit and pressing up on the frontal lobe.
See, all the nurseries in our area are full because everyone had babies during the pandemic.
OK, well, in the original history, his refusal to seek treatment allowed the tumor to metastasize.
I'm just saying, if someone from the future leaped into 2023 to judge us,
I leaped from the year 2022 to save my fiancée from
And anyone who wants to donate 25K, they're thrilled if I can have a 15minute Zoom meeting with them.
Simon's main event is called metacat, a collection of cat paintings.
They're made of metal, right?
I was supposed to go to dinner tonight, but they rang me half an hour ago saying they've had a COVID case so they've had to close it down, yeah.
I watched a TikTok about it.
[Usman] I guess at the end of day, Heady getting COVID and me coming in, was such an unlikely scenario, and then all I want to do in that Test match, don't get a duck.
Zoom calls with our fan club in Dubai, giving Lamborghinis to the homeless.
Across campus, we put our dorms on a 24hour lockdown.
I might avoid COVID, but get leptospirosis instead.
He's a guy in a big metal suit and he's very powerful and he has little jets on the bottom of the soles, which enable him to fly, and he was supplying weapons to the United States Army
Domestic case number 2022523845.
Do you Do you wanna know what I did during the pandemic?
Pod, give me hemostatic gel and logic virus vaccine.
You know what, your metaphor is very vivid.
The Pioneer 10 and 11 probes would be launched, each carrying a metal plaque with information about civilization on Earth.
For that person there. By the metal door.
I thought that was a metaphor.
Coronation Day is a great day.
Vaccinated for what?
Vaccination. Zinc.
[Sungchan] In 2021, the World Basketball Championship was globally the hottest trending topic.
We see our characters from 1988 and they interact with our characters from 2021.
The shooter had to pass through a metal detector to enter the barricades, right?
(Donghan mumbles) 2022 HOLIDAY CAMPUS FESTA
A through and through caused by a full metal jacket nine millimeter.
And the lay of the land in kind of late spring, early summer 2021, is pretty grave for the Murdaughs.
Infrared smoke detectors contain tiny amounts of various heavy metals.
So Ron was using these electrodes to send different currents into his acid solution to draw out a metal of his choice.
Three months after Death Stranding was released, the world in the game became a reality with Covid.
People played the game during lockdown while they were isolated from others.
Uh, this was a game that I think responded to that shift that the pandemic brought before it occurred.
I'm sure you have the more recent reviews rattling around in that metal skull of yours.
Oh, I am not handling lockdown well.
Meh, lockdown's going on forever.
Clogged coronary arteries. You're a very sick man.
 A metabolic condition?
Six people just walking down the street, going to the market or to school or the movies, got instantly crushed by falling pieces of flaming metal and various arms and legs and torsos from previously intact bodies.
I have my master's in chemistry from UCLA, where I studied cellular metabolism of nucleic acids.
Look at us, all together. Like the early days of the pandemic.
Hey. Listen to me. Um, Mom has COVID.
Then I'll have, like, two people with COVID in the house.
 I mean mean it metaphorically speaking.
Auto repair shop would have metalworking tools.
No, I meant Instagram, TikTok, Twitter. Are you familiar with Peanut?
Coronary arteries are patent.
On February 19th, 2022, he was murdered in Melbourne, Australia.
On October 15th, 2022, he was murdered in Seoul.
I visited the center in Daegu in March 2021.
He never makes anything clear. Him and his metaphors.
Anything in the image's metadata that gets us closer to Wujing?
The NSA Officer just informed me that there's a concealed geolocator embedded inside the metal case that contains the HexRoot.
The cancer cells have metastasized to her peritoneum and lungs, so there's
What if it wasn't a pipe, but a money box, like one of those metal toke boxes found in gaming tables?
 Lockdown. Lockdown. Lockdown.
According to the metadata, this was recorded at
Lockdown protocol's been initiated. Habitat's gone dark.
2022 RESIDENT ASSESSMENT EXAMINATION 49 OUT OF 50
Metaphorically speaking, of course.
 Welcome, true crime fans, to CrimeCon Vegas 2023.
Crawling through a metal tube with a monkey.
SEOUL CITY MAYORAL ELECTION MARCH 15, 2023
Any weak spots in there will move that metal. He'll bleed out.
SUNDAY, JANUARY 15TH 2023
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 2023
FRIDAY, JANUARY 27TH 2023
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3RD, 2023
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14TH, 2023
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11TH, 2023 who helped us.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25TH, 2023
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27TH, 2023
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25TH, 2023, 4:48 P.M.
NOVEMBER 2022  CAT CAFE LEON
 Wait. Zoom in.
So, metal boy, what do you think?
There's somethin' 'bout the class of 2022, just different, you know?
The 2022 football season.
We're struggling and she's making TikToks!
Camera three, zoom in.
Hey, a lot of people have problems with vaccines, you know?
 I heard it, unsuccessful metaphor.
The second time I lived through 2022, I was 16.
 No, you're fucking 2024 George!
2022 INFLUENTIAL FEMALE LEADER PR CONSULTANT, GOO YIJUNG
I have never had the pleasure of watching a chromosome in metaphase, so I will admit to my bias.
No, I saw a TikTok about this.
The bones are metal, and wounds heal extremely fast.
The vaccine has undergone a thorough range of clinical trials and tests to prove its safety and efficacy.
Kimber, the TikTokaddicted starlet.
Case 2022, Exhibit 5512
(December 9, 2022) No.
Rebooting or vaccine software will only spread our attacks.
It's my guy from TikTok.
So I dropped down and went into one of the airlocks, which is basically a metal box upside down with compressed air being pumped in.
Of course. It's a chunk of metal.
Government's role here is to make the vaccine available, to make it easily accessible for Americans, to make it easily accessible for Mississippians.
Would you tell your star it is not the podcast heyday of 2021?
Not to mention the girls on TikTok with the
And the metal pole was so slippery with all the mud on it.
And get them home to 2024.
So how am I going to pull off this metamorphosis? Hmm?
On the left, we have the marketing Eva, zoom in on Sylvestre.
And we can't travel because of COVID
Starting from 2023, I'll play for the Jecheon City Hall table tennis team.
When I woke up, I found myself in 2022.
This market's been accelerated by COVID.
I can't see it on TikTok. Everything is on TikTok, right?
The way Oppenheimer looked at the bomb is in a kind of Eastern metaphysical way of it is a act of destruction and creation potentially at the same time, act of war and an act of peace, that this thing, if mishandled,
The story I have for you today is the Mujin Onion Murder Case that occurred on September 14, 2022.
I'll give it the first round of vaccines.
Oh! Yes, this is still metal.
It doesn't look like the coronation of a king at all.
And also, it has a higher risk in children because of their more rapid metabolism, and barium can also spontaneously combust.
IN JUNE 2023, ANNA CAROLINA JATOBÁ WAS GRANTED PROBATION AND LEFT PRISON
He smelled like metal too.
Zoom in.
DETAILS AT 11:15 P.M., MARCH 15, 2023
As you have all seen in on TV, the FDA pointed out that the trans fatty acids, heavy metal and sugar content are all at dangerous levels.
I believe the miracles are metaphors.
Well, it's the same as how he was during COVID.
 Your mother told us you cracked up a little after the last lockdown.
The tapeworm metabolizes and stores food more efficiently than we do.
I'm glad to see everybody here on the Zoom, and I just wanted to explain a little bit about the piece that we're embarking upon and how important it is to me.
[crowd laughs] Everything to me looks like, you know, those public park restroom mirrors that are just a buffed sheet of metal?
And in Ukraine.
This style would totally work in 2023 too.
Life is filled with all kinds of metaphors.
You're an artist. You should know what a metaphor is.
This cast puzzle box contains a metal puzzle for one.
Oh, 2024.
It just says 2021.
I guess COVID19 is still ongoing in this picture.
2022 LAKE SOPYEONG SHIN KYEONGCHEOL MURDER CASE
 Zoom call?
All of the people connected to PLANET had already been under the influence of the Black Bird, way before this pandemic started.
We have one month, if that, before the world rebels against digital lockdown and the Internet starts to come back online.
We don't know how well this new antiviral works, but we do know Ukraine has it.
If he succeeds in contaminating the vaccine supply, this pandemic will make the last pandemic look like a bad flu season.
Which vaccine supply?
(Seoul, 2023)
I'll get them vaccinated for rabies, what will you do?
FIRST PHOTOGRAPHER OF 2023, CHO EUNHYE
Her father was an engineer who developed metal cross bearings for electronics.
You mean, a vaccine exists?
Finally, I'm left with the last metamorphosis.
The front one is focus, the back is to zoom, or these two buttons up here.
As if metastatic cancer isn't torture enough.
Adenocarcinoma originating from the colon, with multiple metastases in liver and lung.
The sex thing was a metaphor for gothic literature.
I repeat, the lockdown will start in seven minutes.
They're in lockdown like we were supposed to be 30 minutes ago.
Look, the good news is that the rescue vehicles can't leave until the dome's lockdown is over.
I mean, it's 2023.
Hey, yeah, metal heads?
Is there any metal up there?
Check out the strength of the metallic bonding.
Out of everyone in Surfside, that dude would build a metal detector thingy on wheels.
My country does not see the destruction of Ukraine as a heartrending regional conflict.
My mother passed away in 2021.
I talked with my friends about ChatGPT, saying it was really cool.
I'm not going anywhere near that metal bird.
The sight of illegal drug transactions 2022
MASAKI NOGI, ADMITTED: JULY 11, 2024 PHYSICIAN: DR. KENTARO NAKAMURA
I breathe meter and I bleed metaphors.
Oh, you Don't let a heap of scrap metal intimidate you, honey.
[panting] [soft thud] [metal clanks]
