What are you saying? That's not a contract It's a coronation
Bars of metal
Don't be afraid, we just passed the electric eye which detects metal
From here on, it was a question of following the timetable move by move
That's that one  Yes, I know, was made for the coronation of Queen Victoria
Chalicosis, that comes from metal dust steelworks, you know
He was a firstclass metallurgist
No, I think it's some kind of metal ore
Please, Sister I've written out my timetable May I read it to you?
He's a metaphysical phenomenon of your subconscious mind, a phantasmagoria of your mental faculties
True marble is the metamorphic form of limestone produced by heat and pressure
How it screeks! There's not a rusted piece of metal in the place like its own hinges
The teardown is a wild tangle of man, machine and beast, an orderly disorder of ropes and metal poles and steel cable and tons of heavy canvas
Where are we? Southwest of Corona somewhere There must have been another cylinder down here
Forrester, everybody's been looking for you I know We've walked halfway from Corona
They use it the way we use a periscope It'll tell us a lot about their metals and alloys
Hey, Skins Did you handle that sheet metal all right?
Flowers on the prairie where the June bugs zoom
You've studied the layout, worked out your timetable, put on dark clothes with crêpesoled shoes and a rope, face blackened
And with a metal cleat on the end of it
Say, Uncle Gloucester, if my brother comes where shall we sojourn till our coronation?
Go, gentle Catesby and, as it were far off, sound thou Lord Hastings, how he stands affected unto our purpose and summon him tomorrow to the Tower to counsel on the coronation
My lords, at once, the cause why we are met is to determine of the coronation
But for his purpose in the coronation I have not sounded him nor he delivered his gracious pleasure any way therein
Oh, would to God that the inclusive verge of golden metal that must round my brow were redhot steel, to sear me to the brain
We were too close to where the mine was planted, so when the train hit it, pieces of metal fell like a shower of fireworks all about us
Solid Krell metal, 26 inches thick
Honey, it's a coronation
You Benedicts are all close together They've got the Coronado suite You're in the Filando suite
Everything else runs on a timetable till it comes to paying' us our shares
Then the timetable breaks down
You talk like a timetable Where was the most beautiful adventure?
Metal construction worker
obrero de construcciones metalicas
They've found Glomand In the cemetary
It's a strange metal that fell to earth from the North Star
I myself, lost in thought, looked at the scorched metal
The twisted metal
As far as I could make out in the white blaze of the sand beach the instruments were tin cans strung together and bits of metal, other bits of metal that had been flattened out and made into
Train Timetable
Don't be too ready to trade half of the Ukraine for a handsome musician
Go on about the city of Metapontum
And assign two legions to intercept and destroy Spartacus at the city of Metapontum!
Any reports on Metapontum?
Have you estates in Metapontum?
Even the bark on the trees Don't forget insects, grasses, water, metals
It was nonmetallic It showed nothing on our Geiger counters
It's not psychology It's metaphysics
Are you from the Ukraine?
is a spirit of rededication, such as we feel at a coronation, or at a royal birth
I must I'm going to zoom down the hill at dawn on my bicycle Ha!
We'll take the speedboat, zoom across the bay and I suppose have a couple of bottles of champagne and a chicken sandwich
At the coronation in Reims, why was your standard carried?
Well? Every gift comes with its nametag
The bars aren't even metal They don't make a sound
As you can see even synthetic metals fail to stop the waves
With these metal particles and an ACycle beam, we can completely interrupt their electromagnetic waves
When I was in When I was in London for the coronation of Queen Elizabeth of course, that was theater
We shouldn't have tied it in a knot, it should've been fastened with metal I told Boris
Zoom, here I go Here I stay If I'm gonna be a hero, I gotta try to steal home
And more than this the immunity of the Church is promised both in Magna Carta and in the King's own coronation oath
I got my vaccination
I gotta go and see about that metal and stuff and tee up the mixer
You reckon you can handle the metal, Nino?
I think so, but where's the metal?
Some guy named Umetani
Mr Umetani You use the Light Punch hair dryer?
It seems Umetani's hiding him
Umetani can rub him out for you
Umetani here
Umetani might try to kill you
Even Umetani's bound by yakuza ties He's gonna kill you
Umetani
Everything's gonna work out anyway because the timetable's history, right?
You want to keep to your timetable, don't you? Then sit!
Do you find his metaphysical monologue as interesting as Tarzan?
Bring the timetables Where are they?
I'll be back on the 12 o'clock train.
Metaphorically speaking, of course
Mumps vaccine on the market
what officials term the first clearly effective vaccine to prevent mumps
One yellow metal locket, yellow metal watch, pearl necklace
You're speaking metaphorically, of course
Kametaro!
Right, Kametaro
Toriko is Kametaro's wife!
I'm Kametaro's wife!
In actual fact, I'd like to borrow Kametaro as the engineer's assistant
Kametaro belongs to the Futori family, he has to dig the pit for the islanders
I've already mentioned Kametaro to the island elders
What's Kametaro's daily wage?
Kame, Kametaro!
Oh, you mean Kametaro's father?
And thank you for being so good to Kametaro
Kametaro's a great help
When Nekichi grows old, Kametaro will carry on the task
Kametaro, look
Kametaro!
But the first one was Kametaro
Kametaro's there
Kametaro, brother!
Kametaro!
But clearly they were fashioned by beings with a knowledge of metallurgy
And then these tattling metalhard women 
But an effective metaphor could be very attractive, clarifying extreme consequences which are not explicitly mentioned;
You can't get into my brain with the zoom!
That's our timetable
The ashes are placed in these metal cylinders and tamped down with this
You will be lodged near the room where you lay on the night before your coronation
The point comes out through his mouth like a tongue of metal
The doctors want someone to be inoculated with a new vaccine
Close up Zoom in on me
No, don't follow me, and don't zoom in on me
Better if you keep the Christ and I take the metal
The 1 st stage occurs in the schools where, if you'll pardon the metaphor, the sprouts are still very young
A SCRAP METAL DEALER AND TV QUIZMASTER
HE KNEW ALL THE TRICKS DRAMATIC IRONY, METAPHOR
IT'S JUST A METAPHOR
Whether they're wood or metal, I have no way of knowing
I threw in a vaccination certificate You're vaccinated for everything:
INFECTIOUS VACCINES
It's metaphysical and redundant
It was like a bird of rarest spun, heaven metal
One bunch of keys on white, metal ring
One white, metal wristlet watch 
Timawrist, on a white, metal expanding bracelet
Nothing important, a story about the crops in the Ukraine, and this and that
ln Hedorah's wake metal objects have been corroded as if by some form of acid
Why did all that metal corrode?
The small particles in sulfuric acid mist corrode metal
A change, yes, but a complete metamorphosis?
Elizabeth, we supplied the archbishops for her coronation
I was talking metaphorically, you fool
Shoes with metal trees in them, Sergeant, that's all
You see, I've never used a metal detector before
He started the car and couldn't see through the windshield, and zoomed straight into the canal
Mitral valve disease with additional coronary artery disease
Coronary
I wonder if he has a timetable
Coronary occlusion
I have a coronary and 9,000 cops march happily over my body
My pal Bragger's got a raincoat with metal buckles like the detective's in the William PowellMyrna Loy films
No It is a film Zoom back camera
Then it's down that ramp, like hell into that first big loop, up this ramp, zoom over the truck, down this ramp and straight into that big figure eight
It's broken The metal must have crystallised
But judgment of any system or a priori relation of phenomena exists in any rational or metaphysical or at least epistemological contradiction to an abstracted empirical concept such as being or to be or to occur in the thing itself or of the thing itself
Oh, don't start with the sporting metaphors I couldn't stand that
It's a metal pan under the crank case
The tracks, the gravel, the timetable, the sky, the clouds
But remember his skill can turn a simple piece of metal into a weapon
I got a rise out of metal mouth
Mo Moskowitz He had a coronary
This one for her myopic look and metalrimmed glasses
♪ Fly on his back and zoom ♪
We've now got a vaccine that we think will work in a preventative way, but for those who are alread incubating the disease
All those receiving shots of the new vaccine are being issued plastic ID cards
Viewers are urged not to leave their homes unless absolutely necessary, and are reminded that if they do they must carry their vaccine cards with them
Curse my metal body! I wasn't fast enough It's all my fault!
Don't fret, dearie! We'll give you a coronation! Mandrake!
He has the power and great friends at court We're going to the coronation tomorrow
Impossible! This project has a timetable that must be observed
Org 12 Ductile yellow metallic element
I got in an accident I had a bad accident I got a little piece of metal in my back
Marion died in her sleep last night a coronary
Perhaps come up with some kind of a workable vaccine
The convoy followed no fixed route or timetable
It is constructed of previously rusted metal
Nothing a hammer and a little metal polish can't fix Thank you
Oh, it's my metabolism, Mr Stohler
I eat three times a day My metabolism eats five times a day
Besides, there might be another metabolism to feed around here
Right from square one, you're into, what, metaphysics?
The moist air is corroding the concrete, and the salt is rusting the metal
Is it possible to weld two pieces of metal together, here in the cell?
It won't get through the metal detector
Why the metal over the edge?
I didn't try to hide it Why would I try to take metal through a metal detector?
Seems to be a metal hood riveted onto iron uprights
Metal damage, brain damage?
To him, it was a metaphor for the decay of contemporary culture
He adored New York City although to him it was a metaphor for the decay of contemporary culture
You almost gave me a coronary
First, when Martian soil samples are mixed together with an organic soup from Earth something in the soil seems to have broken food down almost as if there were little Martian microbes which metabolized, enjoyed the soup from Earth
By the time it got an answer, it might be a heap of twisted metal at the bottom of a canyon
A group of scholars thought they were a picture code full of metaphors mostly about eyeballs, wavy lines and animals
Champollion could read ancient Greek, he was a superb linguist and discovered that this stone had been inscribed to commemorate the coronation of King Ptolemy V Epiphanes in the spring of the year 196 BC
And if this cartouche really means Ptolemy the individual hieroglyphs are not likely to be pictograms or metaphors
This program, called META, is supported entirely by the Pasadena, Californiabased Planetary Society
Up there in the skies was a metaphor of immortality
But even here, there are no observable telltale rocky or metallic fragments of the sort that you'd expect from such an impact
So in striking the Earth's atmosphere a modest cometary fragment will produce a great radiant fireball and a mighty blast wave
Small pieces of dust and ice would be blown behind me by the solar wind forming an incipient cometary tail
Moreover Venus is a rocky and metallic hydrogenpoor world whereas Jupiter, where Velikovsky imagines it comes from is made of almost nothing but hydrogen
Most of the moons in the outer solar system have craters on them made by cometary impacts
The idea has been growing that little worlds are every now and then, demolished by a cometary impact
They developed agriculture They built cities and forged metal
Other cometary mass extinctions in other epochs seem likely
Later on, metaphors about campfires or backbones or holes through which the flame could be seen were replaced in most human communities by another idea
The pressure is so large that electrons are squeezed off hydrogen atoms, producing liquid metallic hydrogen
Humason prepared the sensitive photographic emulsions sheathed in their metal holders to capture with the giant telescope the faint light from remote galaxies
In xrays we see a part of the sun that is ordinarily invisible its milliondegree halo of gas the solar corona
The dark regions of the xray sun are holes in the solar corona through which stream the protons and electrons of the solar wind on their way past the planets to interstellar space
As new stars were formed tiny condensations of matter accreted near them inconspicuous motes of rock and metal, ice and gas that would become the planets
One of the metabolisms
Klárika, your bridegroom, that physical wreck of a man left for your wedding, and had a coronary relapse, and went insane
The red diffraction of solar radiation, the kinetic theory of gases, the transformation of heat into energy, the electrical oscillations, induction phenomena, the density of metals, of fluids, of nonmetallic solids
Would you put all your metal objects into this dish, please?
You could be working up one hell of a case of cancer with all the antimetabolites in you
He wanted me to enter through the front door, cross the backyard and look for a metal door to the left of the staircase
I always pondered the metaphysical in my spare time
It's metal. Could it be Seol-in?
That compass can't be right with so much metal around here, can it?
Strange I tore those metal fibers like paper
induction phenomena, the density of metals, of fluids, of nonmetallic solids
The moment of metamorphosis:
Coronary sclerosis, he said and myodegeneratiocordis
This is our waitress, Metaimena
Metaimena?
I was practically exiled from our home planet, La Metal with only you, my daughter with me
Does this still look like a paradise to you, Metaimena?
Metaimena, you're so
lt's a strange metal, neither brass nor iron
It's like no metal I have ever seen
I especially appeal to you metalworkers, miners, Steelworkers
Here is my domain within this metal skin
Well, they blend like the metals we mix to make a good sword No poetry
We are going forward to protect the Jews.
I'm vaccinated against smallpox and typhus
There's not a trace of metal
Oh, come on, please I've always had a weird metabolism
He's got metabolic acidosis
You sure got the timetable down, Lynette
Just plastic and metal shavings
He will undergo a metamorphosis and come out as a butterfly
Perhaps because he's the most perfect graphic metaphor of the human condition
In the plane I'm a machine, a bit of magnetized metal that will plaster itself to an aircraft carrier, but on the ground, I'm a human being, with feelings and passions
and that said better than all the rest what I saw in that moment, why I held it at arm's length, at zoom's length, until its last 24th of a second
Over here is your TV camera, with 100to1 zoom lens
Zoom, right
I asked my old man about sticking your tongue to metal light poles in winter
Then Jack's gonna make some metallic sounds to attract her right down into that filtration pipe
You didn't order the Metallic Pea?
Metallic Pea?
The engine's clean, but we found metal in the gear train
It is Zelig's unstable makeup, she suggests that accounts for his metamorphoses
A metaphor, Watson, nothing else
This whistle and metallic sound, you can swear to it?
We're moving up the timetable
Whores and metaphors don't mix Who are you?
Oh, my God, Paul, she's having a massive coronary
Next question Metaphysics !
There's metal fatigue in all the loadbearing members
Ray, for a moment pretend that I don't know anything about metallurgy engineering or physics and just tell me what the hell is going on
No, that's different This is called a metamorphosis
I've got a spare timetable
I rely on this metal frame to help me stand
Krell metal Try your blaster there, commander
To smash those metal motherfuckers into junk
But this Cyborg, if it's metal ?
Do you have a metal bar?
It's metallurgy
Metallurgy
Metallurgy Come on, MacGyver
Sodium metal That'll do it
You'll probably get the gold metal, then
Hurray for Gilbert Blythe, winner of the gold metal!
And having met you succeeded by certain arguments, metallic and otherwise, in convincing you that your interests were the same as his?
My poor master's gone [gulps] Curse my metal body
I hope we will be in time to stop ZatecCha's coronation, Mon Julpa
I said we were emissaries here for the vizier's coronation
My coronation [durkii growls]
Forgive me for being such a waste of time
Those mudmen just love shiny metal objects like you and your friend
So don't get it into that thick metallic head of yours that you've got a future in speeder racing
Not to mention stuffy buses with irregular timetables
But face it, you're a neomaxizoom dweebie, out to make yourself a better citizen
Perhaps find another Metaluna
So if we were to look at this a little more literally, the water of our metaphoric river is actually the light which speeds
Lightning strikes his metal shoes and kills him
Not metal
The casings are not metallic
A leaded metal shaft, penetrating not through the heart, but through the energy center two inches below the heart
And I saw the flutter of your metacarpals Not bad
Massive coronary
When a piece of metal blows someone's head off that isn't malfunction, it's defective manufacture
I lost myself in one of the many Pachinko parlors, in the deafening noise where you sit in front of your machine one player among many, yet for that reason, all the more alone and watch the countless metal balls
stay quiet
You've blown the transaxle You're just grinding metal
'Dull metallic flies cluster like rotted grapes to the buzzing iridescent sun
Is that metal on your jacket?
Metamorphosed What?
As the song plays, the cord tightens and when the song ends, the metal ball is released rolling along its merry way until
What's that? Pieces of metal
I am Juan Sánchez VillaLobos Ramírez, chief metallurgist to King Charles V of Spain, and I'm at your service
The metal had been folded 200 times
Developing a vaccine will open a huge market to them
Why are his metal weapons not magnetic I don't know
Brother, we better start thinkin' Do you have any heavier metals?
Commissioner Tones will present the metals of brassard
Pepperell presents its worldfamous sheets in classic white and in six beautiful coronation colors:
Now they're chunks of metal?
I've seen the works cookin' upstairs, pal, and it ain't Mr Salk's vaccine I remember
One committee source referred to it as a $5 billion metal sculpture too ugly to look at and too big to bury
That metal disc can only be used as part of a trigger for an atom bomb!
So, what were looking for is some plastic explosive, detonator, two small discs, a tube, a round metal case and a rod of uranium
Full metal jacket
Yesterday afternoon he had a massive coronary but today it was as if he just
Are we going to the cemetary?
Zoom in
A few minutes ago, a vibration was triggered in the metal on that thing downstairs
Ed's pa staked us to a starter home in suburban Tempe and I got a job drilling' holes in sheet metal
Then there's the smallpox vaccine, chicken pox and measles
Where is that metallic mother?
I remember carrying on at great length about writing and metaphor and choice
Gekko's asked us into the Bluestar deal We're reviewing timetables
Miss Walker, I don't think this is a safe place for you during lockdown
Start total lockdown!
Total silence during the lockdown, assholes!
My illusion is not even a ripple on the world's cool, metallic surface
We need metal, saltpetre, manpower
Ceilinghigh metal office cabinets are standing in rows in an aisle
I read somewhere that you can actually put a snail or slug on the edge of a razor blade, and it can crawl right across it without ever touching the metal
I punched it out in metal shop today, you know?
Metal shop
Metal shop
He was killing a boy with a metal spike
These computer chips are about the size of metal particles They're integrated into the frame
It's metal!
Goddammit, it's metal!
You're a vegetable Metaphorically speaking, of course
I'm sorry that my fugitive timetable doesn't coincide with your social calendar
Heavy metal, rock, soul cumbias, even sevillanas
You can't use nails Those things are made out of metal and you can't use nails on metal
Oh, then, maybe if you use, like, a little metal bolt or something
About this big Looks like a metal grasshopper
They can go from your sketch straight to metal
Oh, it is so unmetaphysi
MIT has already started programming a vaccine, but I wonder if it'll do the trick
SCOUT'S HONOR AND I NEVER ONCE USED MY ZOOM
Basically, what you've got here, Hastings, is some very expensive scrap metal
Its metasemantics
Metastasis proceeds quicker and is more dangerous than before
That was metal!
The business of my metalwork shop is growing, I need your help
He become the boss of a metal workshop less than two years
Please order an EEG and let's look for any metabolic abnormalities
Wait a minute Zoom in on his ring!
If karate used defend plastic metal trophy, karate no mean nothing
Playing heavy metal
You must be crazy, zooming around on a broom in public
Of course, 10 or 20 years ago he would've died of metastatic and embryonal carcinoma
[Nurse] Jeff, you're still touching the metal bed
He's nonoliguric probably and it looks like he's starting to pee now that we've got everything metabolically under control
It's just that the odds are really against him in terms of his coming back from it and there's still a possibility that some of this could be metabolic things
Other issues, substantial metabolic alkalies have switched, it seemed to be reaching and wellcompensated
Put your pedal to the metal, Dan!
I just thought I'd keep you company You into heavy metal?
But you prefer heavy metal
Well, that eliminates heavy metal
I love good heavy metal
With that Vulcan metabolism, he could eat a bowl of termites
Your husband, Mr Zoombut, paid us to save you
Mr Zoombut is not my husband
We can also magnify and zoom in the image
John, magnification and zoom
Zoom in to the Banker's watch!
Zoom in to No4
A certain time to do this, a certain time to do that Everything's on a schedule, a timetable
Leveraged buyout via Metasport
What the hell's Metasport?
So, where is this heavy metal home?
Getting shot is not the only way to buy the farm, pal You know that more men suffer massive coronaries in their 50s than any other time in their lives
Zooming in
Zoom slowly at my head
Willie was studious, liked to compose verse and memorize railroad timetables
Fellow workers of Dongsung Metal Works Do not let this be anymore!
The old timer of Dongsung Metal Works whose income is 27,5000\ a year(4000$ now nonsense)
Fellow workers of Dongsung Metal Works!
Fellow workers of Dongsung Metal Works!
ON DIET AND CORONARY DISEASE AND I COPIED IT FOR YOU
ZOOM! TO THE MOON!
HMM FIFTH METACARPAL MAY BE BROKEN
Man, oh, man, you must have the metabolism of a bumblebee
IT SEEMS THAT CARMINE HAS A SIGNIFICANT CORONARY INSUFFICIENCY
THE CORONA 850
FIRST, THE CORONA
You mean metaphysics?
JUST SOME BURNT METAL MUST BE OFF THE PUMP
What's your guess? Massive coronary?
You see, you have your alkaline metals
The rest of the time, he remained, as you see him here, in a metaphorical, if not physiological, equivalent of sleep, or even death
Found some metal in the oil filter
Carmine, let me ask you something What sets off the metal detectors first?
We are now beneath the transverse arch of the foot the cuneiforms, the metatarsals
The metallurgy would take a couple of months
Captain, sharp metallic transients
Full metal jacket It's a standard US military round
While the full metal jacket has a higher degree of penetration power
Why don't you just forget all this metaphysical stuff and call Mike?
You are listening to the noise of rain beating against a large metal drum
Timetable, list of sales, receipts, electrical chart, green checkbook, book of tickets, account book, and the green journal
The crystalline structure of the control metal seems to be acting like a DNA model for the flesh
(Striker) Ah, he swallowed the control metal
First, the Chinese character for Suzu has the symbol for metal
Mayflowers have moved up the timetable
It raises the metabolism
Ferrie strike you as the kind of person with a low metabolism?
The metallurgist
Thumping my sheet metal felt like hitting my father, or letting off steam
Are you kidding? Metal mouth that's the latest Little bastards
With that metal door, everyone knows when we go to bed and when we get up
Yeah, it's a metaphor
I think our metabolisms are very different
In Ukraine, I have all your novels By heart
Not that awful word I have all your daguerreotypes in Ukraine
What a metamorphosis!
She'll return to Ukraine She won't remarry
Look at this metal sculpture
There's nothing strange about metaphysics and new thought It's very positive She'll be one up on her friends
We stand for something To those dead souls inching along the freeways in their metal coffins we show them that the human spirit is still alive
Living tissue over metal endoskeleton
Liquid metal
But it can form solid metal shapes
You see, this is an unfair advantage You got too much metal goin' here
In the metal box in the boot
But meeting Jane, really put him on his metal,
You are disparaging our time metaphoring it as 'emotional wound'
Now in regards to Charles, the curious physical details, the abhorrent metabolism, the uneven respiratory and cardiovascular patterns,
Seems like poor old Dad just forgot to mention that the missing element is only to be found in bodily secretions of the scanners' metabolic type
No metal!
It is better to attack while the metal is hot  right?
You saw that show on PBS last night, Coronary Country
There is a hint of banana That's the metachloric acid
We don't exactly have a bomb squad, so Andy brought his metal detector
About the baby's vaccination
Don't mention my metamorphosis anymore
It is a square package It seems to me it's a metallic box
It's a metaphor
I've taken the liberty of cabling Abraham Van Helsing the metaphysician, philosopher
It's just a piece of metal
I'd need a metal detector
Got a zoom lens?
Can you zoom in and find him?
Isn't it possible Santiago had a serious coronary condition and it was that condition, not poison that caused the rapid chemical reaction?
Steven, we went inside there! There was this big metal thing!
He says he was in a metal capsule In our warehouse for a number of years
And we saw that big metal thing
Slow Zoom in, like that
Listen, let's just take one zoom at a time
They're parables, metaphors
At his body weight, he should be able to metabolize
Dr Hendrickson, we can make out hair, bone and metal, all sort of intertwined
Would you please get me a train timetable, dear?
Don't make these dangerous metaphors
NOTHING NO METAL, PLASTIC OR CHEMICAL RESIDUE
ALD is an inborn error of metabolism that causes a degeneration of the brain
There is an enzyme that should metabolise these fats, but in ALD boys it's defective
When we can clone the ALD gene, we can identify the deficient enzyme, massproduce the gene, implant it into ALD sufferers and normalise their metabolism
You see, the trouble is we don't know to what extent Lorenzo can metabolise fats
The evidence in this case is gonna show that at 930 in the morning of January 4th, both defendants, Stanley Rothenstein and William Gambini, were seen gettin' out of their metallic green 1964 Buick Skylark convertible with a white top
You will then hear the testimony of the three eyewitnesses who saw the defendants running' out of the SacoSuds just after the shots were heard, gettin' into their faded metallic green 1964 Buick Skylark and drivin' off in great haste
Miss Vito, it has been argued by me, the defence, that two sets of guys met up at the SacoSuds, at the same time, driving identical metallic mintgreen 1964 Buick Skylark convertibles
And because both cars were made by GM, were both cars available in metallic mintgreen paint?
This computer readout confirms that two boys, who fit the defendants' description, were arrested two days ago by Sheriff Tilman in Jasper County, Georgia, for driving a stolen metallic mintgreen 1963 Pontiac Tempest with a white convertible top, Michelin model XGV tyres, size 75R14
Sorry, sir You'll have to go back through Are you carrying any metal objects?
It's that metal plate in his head An old war wound
The entire song, it's a metaphor for big dicks
Sensitive girl who meets a nice guy, but Like a Virgin was a metaphor for big dicks
This is the Gasworks, an excellent heavy metal bar
A metal plate!
I call him the tray of the scrap metal
That is one place on my wardrobe I do not need sharp, interlocking metal teeth
Just a huge, massive coronary
All day long, coronaries, transplants
She was given to fits of semiprecious metaphors
Pack of Coronados
Metastasis in the lymph nodes
Through the normal metabolic pathways in the liver
I was just a petty thief, stealing scrap metal
Wu inserted a gene that creates a faulty enzyme in protein metabolism
Ahead of you is a metal staircase Go down it
DON'T CUT YOURSELF ON ANY OF THIS RUSTY OLD METAL IF YOU DO, IT'LL MAKE YOUR JAW LOCK SHUT
What happened? It was a classic coronary
I figured out how he made it look like a coronary
It was a coronary, there was a doctor there He was an old man
She wasn't murdered It was a coronary I don't know what she's talking about
Scrap metal, Bobbie It's called scrap metal
Or you can ground it here by putting it on metal Okay? And don't go goofing around with these things
I mean, they're just big, metal pricks
Like Somenosuke and Sometaro?
George has fashioned me a metal fingertip
You use the gizmo to zoom in
In metal containers?
In metal containers This is glass In metal containers
Metal containers
In a metal container maybe?
He's a metal polisher
I'm a metal polisher
Roll the metal under the press, but be very careful unless you want your fingers to become part of the teapot
I play the flute But Moses is a skilled metalworker
A metalworks, brush factory, another for reprocessing Jewish clothing from the ghettos for use by bombedout families back home
My father is an importer, not a metalworker
Their fingers polish the insides of shell metal casings
All the wheat from the Ukraine came there before being shipped north
A Moor in the Devil's chariot! 'Tis metal, With no oxen to pull it!
So stay alert, be careful and wear a nametag at all times
zooming across the ice
You know, you you oughta get one of those metal lunch buckets
Is it all metal?
But metal, metal is perfect See?
By raising the metal catch so, and then with a push
And yet, Dr Fosswell, he told to us the reasons quite plainly and precisely in a note that he left, so plainly indeed that we thought we was speaking metaphorically
There's a bit of metal sticking out of the table
I see them on the street zooming around
It's a heavy metal group, Metallisomething
One of my campaign themes would be that everybody should wear nametags to make the city friendlier
Nametags, huh?
He's proposing a plan where everyone in the city should wear nametags
Nametags?
Nametags!
In another development, Mayor Dinkins has fired his top adviser, Lloyd Braun, who was believed responsible for the nametag fiasco
Nametags!
Nametags!
I don't think it's so bad People should wear nametags
Well six more hours before we have to consign the whole damn thing to the metal shredder
I didn't have an exact timetable
Highdensity metal
Five rigs going through Xray and metal detectors would raise holy hell with airport security
Aren't these supposed to be metal?
There's no metal in them Would these pass through airport security?
Get a load of this zoom!
Take vaccine, for instance
The art of metamorphosis was at its peak
There's metal on it
Disassemble the box and take the metal
Rocket ships Zoom!
Jenner infected himself with smallpox to test his vaccine That's Jenner
The vaccination chap who experimented on himself? That's right
Oh, Jehoshaphat, Meg, this isn't a coronation
We all wear masks, metaphorically speaking
My book is about masks as metaphor, Mr Ipkiss
A metaphor Not to be taken literally You're suffering from mild delusion
A blood test will pick up childhood disease, any kind of metabolic disorder
Have you been vaccinated for malaria?
It's gonna mean more metal
Tell your men we're gonna need all the metal we can get our hands on
I hid this uncomfortable hunk of metal up my ass two years
You mean, like, metaphorically?
A celebration zoom
But they probably haven't even been vaccinated
It's a metaphor, hamhead
All prisoners report for lockdown
That's that's your metal thing
I got my windshield busted out it's 'cause I wouldn't let one of 'em make a machete in metalwork
Do you have any clue how to analyze the poem To His Coy Mistress in terms of its theme, language, metaphor, imagery, and meter?
I'm speaking metaphorically, Charlie
You understand metaphor
Your hair is like an angel's That's metaphor
Watch your head Don't hit that metal edge there That really hurts
It's like this huge metal ass just taking up the whole windshield of your car
With symptoms of massive coronary arrest
Strong enough to produce anaphylactic shock or a coronary
He will not take a pistol because there is metal detectors on the doors
You're fucking with my timetable
She done zoomed That's it, you deal with her
I just put a bullet in the chemist who fucked with my timetable
Holy rusted metal, Batman!
The ground, it's all metal
But what they didn't know, what nobody outside the factory knew was that, that model car was made with a metal plate under the driver's seat
It's Death Metal It isn't the same
This is the latest invention Even the metal testing machine of the airport can't check it out
It is true that these tiny atoms can bore any metal and destroy it
The mystery only thickens as to why the metal lift shaft has melted
Gimme some metal!
Book about metals
I work in metals I'm a salesman My name's Neil
Cheritto's cruised the preciousmetals depository three times
It's what I don't do, I don't sell metal
You devil, you have your helmetand bulletproof vest on You screwed me!
With the merest thought, the chemical plants inside our bodies could metabolize all the alcohol in our blood in about ten seconds
Metabolic control Enhanced sensory perception Improved reflexes and muscle capacity
A38 will drill straight unless it hits metal
Do you have metal in there?
The great influenza pandemic
If this isn't a coronary, well, I don't know
Henrietta, Queen of bazooms!
The queen of bazooms, Henrietta!
Don't have a fucking coronary, man
Full metal
I need metal to complete my ark I'll be taking your tank
I'm going right out to get vaccinated
 mightas wellbe20tons of scrap metal without that CD
The coronation of King Carol I, many holidays
We don't know who's zooming who, do we, Ronnie?
Not setting off any metal detectors
The lining of the box is a noble metal alloy which puts out particles that moisturize the skin and destabilize cellulite deposits
embedded in the metalwork
Well, it's a weird piece of metal I found
I mean, that Woody Allen double feature at the Corona?
I'm not beaten yet I still have armies in the Ukraine
The Ukraine is weak
I think it's time to put the hurt on the Ukraine
Ukraine is game to you?
Now, in case you're wondering why that hurt so much, it's because I have a metal plate in my head, compliments of you
The power is so great that it can break stone and metal Iron clothe will become a mess
Made of metal cups and bowls taken from every household in the city as tax, then melted down
We need something nonmetallic to slip between those points
Bob Elcorona, line two
I need this food I have a much higher metabolism
I've been following her for the last two weeks Four days ago, she signed up for a tour to Ukraine She's working with a contact, but we don't know who he is
Welcome to the Ukraine
There's the timetable She didn't talk to anyone
We're connected to the Ukraine Department of Security I know about your operation with the CIA
Three years ago, I was in the Ukraine collecting nuclear intelligence for the CIA
A fitting metaphor, but otherwise no help whatsoever
Shakespeare has exaggerated his deformity in order to body forth dramatically visually, metaphorically the corruption of his mind
My noble lords The cause why we are met is, to determine of the coronation
You know about the zoom and the white balance?
The terminal is in a black vault lockdown
Big Brother's bike sounds like junk metal
I'm a timetable clerk, Mikey Ask me what movie's playing at what time
What is it? A knickknack in transit from Ukraine
You know, when you used to tell me that you chased tornadoes, deep down I always just thought it was a metaphor
The One With the Metaphorical Tunnel
I tell ya, they better be headsup with the metal detectors when they arraign that Johnny
Yeah Well, I was on a coronary two blocks away
Is that a metaphor?
Not metabolic acidosis
You can get them for free in the coffee shop in the metal cans
The zoomins, the framing, I was enchanted
You have the metabolism of a 68yearold woman
A low rumple followed by a metallic squink
A low rumple a metallic squink a galonk and someone crying out, Dear God!
Metaphysical Biology First Research Lab Fuyutsuki
Emergency lockdown! Close all partitions in Central Dogma!
Emergency lockdown, all Malebolge levels being closed
Whoever did this is an animal Metaphorically
I'll use the zoom remote control
It's your new metabolism
One zoom lens
Look at it See the metal strip in it?
Try zooming out
Try zooming out again
Zoom in to the left Zooming in
Acid eats metal
My father died of a heart attack my mother dropped dead of a massive coronary and both my brothers were dead before 50 from heart failure
As the air thickens, the water sours even bees' honey takes on the metallic taste of radioactivity and it just keeps coming, faster and faster
Hey, we'll have another 25 Xrs going by Friday, all with the 10to500 zooms
We are prepped for lockdown
DJ! It's just a ship, do you understand? It's just a big hunk of metal
Hold that lockdown
The Navy's analysis of that F14 crash at Coronado last year
Loganville Wilmington Coronado
Okay, now this grinder of yours, is it a real grinder or is it some kind of a metaphor?
Stop mixing your sporting metaphors
The Jackal's got a target You He's got a timetable
It's got, like, a 2,000mile zoom lens
One is made of wood, and the other one is metal
And Terminator is made of metal
made of metal!
Uh timetable For when I um
Okay, here are the metatarsals
We have no idea what his metabolism is We'll kill him with too much
Zoom in
A cat came in with a corpse the other day Orion on the nametag?
Neither a cure nor a vaccine could be found
Once in contact with the Judas' secretions the common roaches were infected with an enzyme which caused their metabolism to go into overdrive
When I increased the Judas's metabolism, I must have sped up its breeding cycle
I have to say this quick or I'll just have this massive coronary and then you'll never hear it, and you have to
It should've been cut by a sharp metal blade
You know them metal detectors at the airport?
The coronation coach moves forward
That North Korean biochemical operation really paid off We harvested the ultimate weapon from those diseased bodies, and now we have the only vaccine
Zoom in on that, can you?
He said he was moving the timetable forward to midnight
But Pioneer Village was sued when a kid died in it, so they closed it down and protected it with a huge metal door with a coded lock
With my trusty forge, I makes all the metalworks for the villageugh!
Metamorphosis, huh?
Guy's made of metal
Well, we didn't call it may queen, but we had the coronation and the dance and all that stuff
Stop the coronation tonight, maybe
And every one of your friends who comes to the coronation tonight will take the sight of the may queen
Look, um, I didn't get a chance to say anything yesterday, with the coronation and everything, but, um, I guess I just want to say thank you
The Hellmouth will restore you, put colour in your cheeks, metaphorically speaking, and in a few weeks' time
You forget metal can't hurt me
Once you're well again, we'll have a coronation down main street
I wasn't one of the Zoom kids either
I have generalized coronary artery disease, abnormal on the thallium stress test
Coronary system failing Urinary system failing
Longterm coronary artery disease
It's a lockdown!
The fact that we're in lockdown proves we're in control
This time, he wants a lockdown
The fastest way to end this lockdown is to pick one of your gang and have him cop to the Markstrom hanging
Lockdown, gentlemen, lockdown!
Man, I fucking hate lockdowns
All right, gentlemen, the lockdown is over
Weeklong lockdown
Back to your cells Lockdown Back to your cells
INSTEAD OF PUTTING MY MONEY INTO A HUNK OF METAL,
Fine If I want to live next door to an aspiring heavymetal drummer
WHAT? NO CORONARY
YEAH AS FAR AS I KNOW, IT'S JUST LISTED AS A CORONARY,
Look at that Looks like they're rolling a Double Corona
Caused by exposure to benzene a common ingredient in metal cleaners
All personnel, be advised that the mountain is now under a Code 5 lockdown
The mountain is now under a Code 5 lockdown
Roadie for Metallica
We can handle rock, pop, country, heavy metal, fusion, hiphop, rap, Motown, operetta, show tunes
And me and old Willie there we come down here 2 or 3 times a year picking somebody up out of that burned metal
They've measured me, analysed blood, metabolic rates
There's a large accumulation of metal buttons, wristwatches, jewelry
Everything metal
Don't give us a taking a shit in the woods metaphor again Tell us what you're talking about
If he doesn't, the Republicans will lead him to it on their timetable
Stop it Zoom in under the chair
We're drilling through some kind of metal I've never seen before
As I ate the oysters with their strong taste of the sea and their faint metallic taste as I drank their cold liquid from each shell and washed it down with the crisp taste of the wine I lost the empty feeling and began to be happy
Back in 1965 did you clean metal parts with solvent?
Zooming
My body can't metabolise the sugar, so 
Have a few Coronas and forget about it
Oh, shit This thing's metal
He's being held in a lockdown unit in a Chicago hospital
Meet me in the chapel before lockdown
The manager's door is metal
A ram on a metal door makes a lot of noise and that's it
The metaphasic radiation of the rings is in a state of extreme flux
Increased metabolism, improved muscle tone, high energy
There's an unusual metaphasic radiation coming from the planet's rings
The metaphasic radiation won't begin to affect him until he reaches maturity
The Son'a have developed a procedure to collect the metaphasic particles from the planet's rings
With metaphasics, life spans will be doubled
There are metaphasic particles all over the Briar Patch
I'm not showing any change in metaphasic flux levels
Zoom in Get those tears
We just need to put something metal between them
They're wires and metal, the same as yours
No, Chantal Burning up is a metaphor
He was so shy and clumsy, and he had this huge mouth full of metal Υou know how I like braces
There's the usual basalt regolith with a corona of light albedo ejecta
Zoom in on it!
It came at a moment when the man operating the camera turned it toward the Earth, and he zoomed in very slowly
Now with one last chance to televise the complete event, the pressure was on to pan and zoom the camera several seconds before liftoff
I'll zoom in and see if this brings it in better
Beta blockers, calcium channel blockers, adrenaline injections, highdose ibuprofen, steroids, trigger metastics, violent exercise, caffeine, acupuncture, marijuana, percodan, midrin, tenormen, sanser, homeopathics
Metal grey color
Maybe they need booster shots, like with vaccinations
Zoom in please
Metal isn't allowed Plastic is okay
My exwife used to say that having sex with me was like being vaccinated
Yeah, and she still listens to heavy metal
Today it's scrap metal
I think I'll retreat to the library until the coronation
That was metaphorical, yes?
Loose cannon rock the boat Is that a mixed metaphor?
HOW DO YOU ZOOM OUT?
This is Heavy Metal Queen
VT, I've never met you but I hear lots of rumors about the Heavy Metal Queen
Due to the explosion of the Lunar Gate, all data from before 2022 has been lost
YOU SHOULD BE ADMITTED TO CORONARY CARE
AND TAKE A DIRECT LOOK AT THE CORONARY ARTERIES
He had a vaccination yesterday, and Dr Melman thinks that he may be reacting to that
His cancer may be metastasizing
Lockdown
Lockdown
End of lockdown
My prison in lockdown crawling with outside investigators and TV cameras
I'm sorry, ma'am, we're in lockdown
Lockdowns can be boring with nothing to read
HER CARD'S NOT SCANNING HAVE YOU BEEN THROUGH ANY METAL DETECTORS LATELY?
ALTHOUGHHARD TO BELIEVE, I KNOWBUT AT THIS STAGE IN MY METAMORPHOSIS,
You'd be able to fill your other ear with metal
What's with the lockdown?
Not you, Becky I know you have a slow metabolism
Metaphorically, I mean With the Rabbit
Uh That's just a metaphor
The metamorphosis could be altering his mind
With the help of the drug, it appears the symbiote has stopped the metamorphosis
It's metabolising the fibres as if it was living tissue
I'm not as slick as you guys talking in metaphors here
Then we heard an evil thunder and a metal point came through the clouds
It should show up on the primary metalog
It's been under complete lockdown since its arrival here
Let's just put out an APB for a huge, honkin', twostorey metal ring with 39 little pictures all nicely engraved on it!
Do you see what a metaphysical can of worms this portal is?
I know you want me to be a pacifist, but I told Fogler if he blabbed his big metal mouth I'd beat the shit out of him
Is there a metal worker?
A metal worker!
It isn't a lockdown, is it? Or a riot?
Now, Salvador Dali, you know, the limp watches guy, he got into the act with an idea that featured baseball as a metaphor for life
I didn't think anybody here was into wearing fucking nametags
And it eats metal! Stop it!
No, no, no It was a metal meteor It ate his boat
It's about 50 or 60 feet high and it only eats metal
Hey, big metal guy! I got food here for you!
Metal!
Crunchy, delicious metal!
You're not gonna believe this, but it was a giant metal man
Oh, that's Atomo, the metal menace
Mmmhmm But I don't have any metal here
There are two kinds of metal in this yard
Everyone! You think this metal man is fun But who built it?
You're made of metal but you have feelings
The giant metal man, where is it?
Food for the metaleater
The giant thing The metal man
Homer, your brother's in metal shop Maybe he could, uh
Please remove any metallic items you're carrying
Metaphorical?
I told you that saying was more, like, metaphorical
Is it like a wave or is it like a zoom?
When you get back to wherever you come from just leave us alone down here, okay? June 21st, 2024
Okay, now, it has voice activation, ejection seats, a powerassisted metamorphic camouflage system, a cardiohoming device
Metal hooks and a pen
Zoom
They're gonna torch the fence You're gonna feel the metal getting warm Maybe very warm
And the metal has that tinny sound when you slam the door like the thing's gonna shatter
Did you catch all the music metaphors?
I really thought she'd like the music metaphors
Empress of Russia, when visiting the newlyannexed territories of Ukraine and Crimea
Like a vaccination
Facility lockdown Commence evacuation emergency procedures
What happened here? Lockdown
It's the metal plates
The lockdown thing?
The Moors took it to Spain where it underwent its first metamorphosis
It is a new type of missile piercing made entirely of metal
Let's zoom in a cell
It seemed to me like a metaphor for our turbulent relationship
The anchor had penetrated the thick metal wall
It is a great metaphor for what, I don't know to this day but I know it's a great metaphor
Also need turbo exhaust manifold, 70mm front pipe and titanium metal exhausted air tube at the rear
He had a coronary
And for this man to be running around vaccinating any woman he can convince to play doctor, for this man to indulge his little affliction at the expense of his wife and his children, for this man to skirt financial and moral
We concluded that trauma had to be the cause of the coronary
Faulty metaphor Kryptonite kills
There's no word yet what might have caused this or what other effects might be seen Local authorities have issued a written statement blaming recent flu vaccinations
I need a lockdown on grid 6
Is this a penis metaphor?
You! How came you by this metal construct?
Where did you get the metal for all those guns?
NOT VACCINATED, EITHER
A nonmetallic being has been sighted in the vicinity of makeout point
Bite my shiny metal ass
IT'S LIKE AN X RAY, ONLY IT ALLOWS YOU TO SEE THROUGH ANYTHING EVEN METAL
HEY, BITE MY SHINY METAL ASS
YOU, MY METAL FRIEND, WILL HAVE THE HONOR
Bite my shiny metal ass
Lick my frozen metal ass
Yeah, Miss Sally's got big bazooms
Big bazooms
I'll admit metaphorically it fits
But at sunset and predawn you're in lockdown
We're in the middle of a lockdown because the Aryans attacked the Muslims
Lockdown!
And, Warden, I want you to end this lockdown
I've decided to keep the entire prison in lockdown for the immediate future
God's got his own timetable and it's stupid of us to think that we can set it for him
Lockdown!
Junior, why we in lockdown?
Lockdown!
And there should be a metaphor there for the gender traps that I got caught in
As a metal band they were great, but this as far as I am concerned, blows away Matchbox 20
I saw heavy metal invented by Hendrix at the Cafe Wah
But your dad makes it seem like this, I don't know, metaphor
For research and development into furthering the art and science of metal joint fittings
The space between your metal barrier and the wormhole may be enough for particles of high energy to reintegrate
Look, Bruce, it was a simple metaphor Now, listen up
THIS IS A PERFECT METAPHOR
WITH ONE HUNDRED MILLION VACCINATED PEOPLE TO CONTAIN IT
WE'LL MAKE MORE VACCINE
Consider the philosophical and metaphysical ramifications of the
It's time to begin preparing for tomorrow's coronation ceremony
Half these emperors were drunk at their own coronation
Bang! Zoom!
He was just using space travel as a metaphor for beating his wife
Because they're physically sending the virus they haven't developed a vaccine for it
Bazoomer Com?
He, too, had an unusual power He could create magnetic fields and control metal
The metal is an alloy called adamantium
That remarkable metal doesn't run through your entire body, does it?
Metal shop?
See that metal detector?
It's a metallic taste, human blood
No, their machines only detect metal
JB straight, and a Corona
You'd better get away from all metal You don't know what it'd get you
She went to the doctor yesterday, and lt hasn't metastasized as far as they can tell right now
Nice touch on the metal detectors, my man
Metal Metal, yeah
Metal, man, like in my mama's teeth, man Metal
Metal, man!
It's heavy for such a thin piece of metal
It's the handle that's heavy And that blade is no ordinary metal
The ancients thought pure metals purified the blood
It have to be, there is no way to match for metabolism, bodyweight, there could be side effects
She didn't say It depends if you'd rather have a metallic panel above the entrance, for example
Fracture of the fifth metacarpal of the right hand as well as multiple fractures of the sixth, seventh and eighth ribs
This was made for firing metalsilver
You can even use it to zoom
Kafka's Metamorphosis, Flaubert's, Sentimental Education
That's a metaphor
I owe you a debt of gratitude for the help you provided me in my recent Metamorphosis
I'll just move up my timetable
We're gonna need to ice her down, bring down her core temperature, slow down her metabolic rate
Do you have those round metal things that you bury in the ground and, when stepped on, they explode?
You put some shiny hunk of metal before your own friendships
Bite my colossal metal ass!
Please, I'm made of metal
Bite my shiny metal Stop!
I was speaking metaphorically
YEAH, METAMORPHOSIS
METAMORPHOSIS
You couldn't find one made of metal, in case anyone has xray eyes?
I WENT OUT AND GOT A METAL DRILL BIT,
WAIT TILL YOU HIT 35 AND YOUR METABOLISM SLOWS DOWN
THAT ALMOST REACHES THE QUALITY OF THE METAPHYSICAL ‐‐ YOUR LITTLE POLICE APHORISM
HOW DOES PUTTING A METAL STUD IN YOUR TONGUE MAKE YOU FEEL COOL?
THERE'S A LITTLE METAL SHOWING IN THE LEG BONE HERE
For the past two weeks, we have been in 24hour lockdown
When the lockdown ends depends on you
Warden Leo Glynn has ended the lockdown
Lockdown!
Lockdown! Lockdown!
Lockdown!
We whack O'Reily now, the whole joint goes back on lockdown
SEAN Murphy: LOCKDOWN?
LOCKDOWN! LET'S GO!
Nonmetal joinery, imported wood
It's amazing what you can accomplish when your body's at peak metabolic performance, right?
No metal, only glue
I mean, we're using the cheaper wood, and we're joining with metal
I get more guys, on my timetable
They're quite advanced in metallurgical and chemical technologies
Then zoom in on that
How do I zoom in?
I was speaking metaphorically
Your metabolism is increasing to match the energy your body now requires
It's a coronal mass emission, like a giant solar flare
I remember listening to Carter prattle on about solar activity and a corona something
Coronal mass emissions
I am reformer, and I will lead the Ukraine and you know this, and they send me errand boys!
But until that day comes, my State Department deals with the government of the Ukraine
Ukraine, it was okay
Metaphors we use to explain our origins
The triangle was forged from metal found in the crater of a meteor that had fallen to earth at the exact moment of the previous alignment of the nine planets
Lance points are tipped with coronals, which blunts them
The treasure is a metaphor for the wisdom of the ancient sages
Sorry we're late, but I could give a shit about this coronation
This is your coronation, my dear
No more metal shit It's all about hiphop
Used in a sport outlawed in 2024
An inner world of metaphor, of intuition of selfmotivated reasoning, of dreams
It's lockdown time
I mean, sure, you got your steering, and your gas, and your brake, and of course, this metallooking thing
You can have any brew you want as long as it's a Corona
Oh, Jesus This thing's already metamorphed into a new instar
It'll transform any metal into pure gold and produces the Elixir of Life which will make the drinker immortal
Metal craft of any kind
it's metabol
We are zooming
Now you're mixing metaphors, so you're upset
Tomorrow noon, the Garden of Corona
Let's stop pretending Your attempt to have me killed in the Garden of Corona
Unfortunately, lack of action on the part of local authorities has allowed the creature to metamorphose into the second stage of its life cycle, producing six shriekers a voracious, hermaphroditic lifeform which can double in number every few minutes by eating sufficient food
Insert a thin metal pipette into the orbitalfrontal cortex and enter the soft tissue of the frontal lobe
Just in Berlin, over 10,000 Jews in the metal industry alone
My quest has taken me through the physical, the metaphysical, the delusional and back
It was a vaccine experiment
Nanomachines, the vaccine?
If I have the vaccine in my body can't we use it to protect the population?
Where's Electra's vaccine?
We'll have no trouble spraying the vaccine for you
No, we're going to vaccinate the city to save it
It spread the vaccine much faster than the nanomachines could act
It was like a bird of rarest spun heaven metal
The use of the zoom lens is interesting because you'd never think to use a zoom lens in the past
No, the zoom lens flattens it out like the 18thcentury painting
Full Metal Jacket was based on a novel The ShortTimers, by Gustav Hasford, a Vietnam veteran
What he ended up doing in Full Metal Jacket he had almost the detachment of the view
Kubrick shot part of 'Full Metal Jacket' in London where a derelict gasworks was made into the city of Hue, Vietnam
Kubrick had started work on the idea for 'Full Metal Jacket' in 1980
Zoom in on Takuya if he's in danger
Then zoom out, slowly
Now, heat the active metal pieces one by one and write me a report afterwards, okay?
Metamorphosis
It's a lockdown
These men are with Internal Investigations You are now on official lockdown
Lockdown, nobody leaves
Lockdown, are you serious?
When this lockdown is over, I'm gonna have a little talk with the DoubleI team about some highly irregular banking transactions which were traced to your account
He violated lockdown and left you holding the bag
All right, we found Bauer We're pulling out Lockdown's over
First he assaults an agent to avoid lockdown
There's a metal box inside the glove compartment Take it out
She suffered a massive coronary
The coronary connected to the cancer?
Need a few more metaphors for that little mix?
I don't mean it as a metaphor
Merger talks between Luxirom and MetaSatellite faltered over the weekend
The point is, the mechanism is made of a metallic alloy that returns a distinctive signature when hit with an electromagnetic signal
Especially with Hoverdrones zooming around everywhere
They're designed to incorporate themselves into the body's cellular machinery, stimulating metabolic activity and enhanced neuromuscular function
I'm guessing they aren't a speedmetal band
Synthedyne made billions during the influenza outbreak of 2011, stockpiling vaccine and then selling it on the black market at inflated prices
Not bad, considering the creepy metal insect stuck in there
Layers of sulphuric acid, viscous surface rock, and coronae, which seem to be domes over large magma chambers
It's time to kick some shiny, metal ass!
YOU'VE GOT METAL FEVER, BOY!
METAL FEVER!
MMM QUITE A MASCULINE PIECE OF METAL, AREN'T YOU?
Metallica is way more substantial than The Offspring
She says, 'Nope, Offspring sucks and Metallica rules '
It's a metaphysical angst
YOU KNOW, I THINK I HUNG MY TOOL TSHIRT NEXT TO MY METALLICA TSHIRT
It's an N64 with 3D matrix metering, 35 to 210 zoom
Punk, new wave, German metal bands
He would've been booming and zooming, manic, paranoid
And last night, some man put a metal cage on my head
EKG technician, coronary care
SOMETHING ABOUT CRUSHING GRAPES, ONLY I THINK IT'S A METAPHOR,
YOU'RE ALL WEARING METAL
BUT I WORK IN THE CORONARY CARE UNIT,
Now until they get familiar with their new surroundings, we're going to put the rest of you on lockdown
YOUR BODY MIGHT METABOLIZE SLOWER
A PRISONER POUNDS A HUNK OF METAL WORKING IN THE SHOP
AND THEN RUBS THE METAL AGAINST A STONE WALL
Unless the warden puts the entire prison in lockdown
Lockdown!
Lockdown!
STEP OVER HERE, OPEN YOUR PURSE NEXT! PUT ALL METAL OBJECTS IN THERE
LOCKDOWN!
Even got the perky nametag to prove it
How advanced was the metastasis?
You want some Metamucil?
A CT scan revealed no evidence of metastasis Kennedy was referred
‫If the Aschen are the newcomers ‫in this article, they provided a ‫Can't translate that, but it appears ‫to have been a sort of vaccine
‫Aschen vaccine ‫causes something
‫ We know there was a flu pandemic,
‫They befriended the Volians, offered ‫them a vaccine and saved their world
‫Vaccine causes what?
‫Vaccine Causes Sterility ‫That was the headline
We've all taken the antiageing and anticancer vaccines
Why provide a vaccine that doubles the human life span?
We found an unusual protein marker and traces of an unidentified heavy metal
If we can move close enough to the coronasphere, the radiation should keep us off their sensors
We're entering the coronasphere
Moving out of the coronasphere
With no regard for our timetable
So there's obviously no vaccine
No, but I've read the speech and you'd be wise to have some dead audience metaphors
It'd be better without the floodlights and the metal detectors, but Yeah
Did you take Dupont? Dupont had two turns closed off with metal barricades and cop cars
The wife of a patient upon whom I performed a coronary artery bypass graft
I could've been talking about a vaccine
The side that kicks your twisted metal ass
Some idiot must have put metal in the microwave
1947 can kiss my shiny metal
Well, yeah Robots are made of metal
SOME OF THE TUNNELS HAVE METAL BARS, SO I'LL NEED SOMEONE WHO'S GOOD AT BENDING
Pedal to the metal, baby!
THIS MOLTEN METAL WILL SERVE AS A SOLDER
IT PASSES THE BAGS THROUGH A METAL DETECTOR
USING METAL SHEARS
A HIGHSTRENGTH, YET LIGHTWEIGHT METAL
ALSO A STRONG, YET LIGHTWEIGHT METAL
Yeah, you know, the kind with a metal ball inside for mixing up the paint?
Lockdown Code 101
Deactivate lockdown We're headed to the worm guys We found the Light
A code 101 lockdown!
What's this sorry stack of metal?
Take us out of here, metal man!
The commission is metaphysics
Nothing's more destructive to the metaphysical fabric that binds us than the untimely murder of a human
Security lockdown enabled Revised destination: Office
Is there any way to override the lockdown?
Why is this patient in lockdown?
Upper right! Zoom in! Go to the other camera
Can you zoom in on that?
Can you zoom in on that?
Go back two and zoom in on the entrance
The thing I can't figure out is the zoom thing here
The zooming thingie zooming in
I think it really is zooming in I found the zoom Found it
The Yankees tried to destroy our metalforming capabilities by placing barrels of powder underneath the anvils
For God's sake, it's just a metaphor
I don`t wanna be a money watchdog, but if you did build everything it would have to be done over my dead body, metaphorically
He spends a lot of time conferring with his cameraman through the translator and that takes time, but I got my foot on the pedal Pedal to the metal
Blindness as metaphor
It led to a metal footlocker at the bottom of Adam's closet, which was, you know, already unlocked
Check the metal detector's batteries
You forced to listen to the individual, the metaphysical
Since neither of you remembers science class, let me remind you that while this liquid is highly infectious, we can and are going to make an antidote, a vaccine
We've had our shots So our immune systems still have a trace of the vaccine
Keep my metabolism out of this
You are a metal worker from Nurmes
Our next poem 'Flea' written by John Dan primarily works with conceit and metaphor
As stated in the prologue these characteristics have been prevalent throughout the metaphysics of the 17th century
The metabolism of men runs fifteen percent faster than women
Because you called in the lockdown
Since the lockdown, the system's been glitchy
So, demon eggs any timetable on when we think they're gonna hatch?
Go for the one with the bazoombas
Bazoombas! Bazoombas!
I still think I would've gone with the bazoombas, but
Those are metaphor intestines!
I bet it's 'cause you forgot the boom box playing some heavy metal thing like Blue Clam Cult?
Good oldfashioned metal meets propulsion
You are screwed Metal meets propulsion, yeah
A tiny piece of metal
Eleven inherent metaphoric parallels already there
Now, you can luxuriate in a nice jail cell but if your hand touches metal I swear by my pretty floral bonnet, I will end you
After you talk to Badger, let her know we may be leaving Persephone in a hurry Inara has our timetable
I hate you, you evil metal man!
The metal shavings make my throat bloody
YOU JUST OKAYED THE VACCINATION
IT'S ALSO EXCELLENT FOR CRANKING METALLICA
Maybe our rain gutters are radioactive or made out of some kind of alien metal so when I cut my hand, I got infected with an extraterrestrial substance which is altering my internal makeup
I WONDER WHO THEIR LAST SPEAKER WAS, THE FELLOW IN SHORT PANTS, THAT WALKS UP AND DOWN THE SQUARE WITH A METAL DETECTOR?
Then put a nametag on, 'cause I miss you
Okay, because if you decided you really did wanna date Jess, I would help you get vaccinated
Gender Metaphors in the American Literary Tradition
He told us he was grading papers on gender metaphors
You do not metabolize sugar well
Is the new Metamorpho in?
BECAUSE REAL SHAVERS HAVE METAL BLADES,
Officer: LOCKDOWN, LOCKDOWN!
But when the landing boats carried you to shore and the metal doors came down, you charged the beach, took the blow
Lockdown!
Lockdown's in a couple of minutes Why aren't you in your pod?
Does this big metal contraption make me look fat?
Poison It's a heavy metal band
But if you want a bed in my hospital, you better have a damn rent check or a massive coronary in the next five seconds
The truth is, I'm ashamed that it took metastasizing to give me the courage
Looks like the metalshop impaired caught a break today
Like your nametag
I see they like to mix metaphors at East Tennessee Community College
I remember tripping on some metal rails and I remember hundreds of teddy bears hanging from the ceiling
They don't even take patients, and if they did, why would ryan be in lockdown in a place that specializes in superesoteric brain research?
He's going to need numbers and a timetable and a better explanation than that
She was up the road ahead of me lying in twisted metal
They'll want assurances, no mandates, no timetables make the whole thing voluntary and industryled
A22 caliber mind in a357 Magnum world that's unusual for you, a gun metaphor
We hold elections in this country, not coronations
I understood the metaphor
Dust the receiver, the coin return, and the metal top
All bow before the great Metal Lord
All hail the Metal Lord
I am the Metal Lord Who are you?
It means He who really loves the Metal Lord
There's no slowing down with the Metal Lord tonight
Save him Save my son, Metal Lord
Oh, Metal Lord, hear my prayer!
But Metal Lord
Metal scraping on the wall, a man with a knife, maybe
But, I thought it was going to be more of a metaphorical
If I had my way, they'd take metal altogether out of this world
Okay, zoom in on nine A little more audio, please
Living tissue over a metal skeleton, sent back in time to protect me
It's 50 pounds of scrap metal
Best bet's to keep him on lockdown till we see who we're dealing with
She could not tell a gooseberry bush from a cactus, but the meticulous order in the yard appealed to her, such as the metal chains placed there in order to shield the second and third bushes, lest anybody decided to make use of the deplorably timehonored shortcut
That's an appetizing metaphor
The metal on your bones It carries his signature
We have a metamorph loose Could be anybody
Because once the metal cools, it's indestructible
Metaphysically wrinklefree
So, a trillion trillion tons of hot metal spinning at a thousand miles an hour, so
Right, so, Physics 101 Hot metal moving fast makes an electromagnetic field
We weren't going to unveil this until next year but in light of Claw's escape we decided to move up our timetable
Simple café coronary Freak show choked to death
We had so much fun together just driving around, listening to metal and
Fingerprints are 90% water Water corrodes metal Metal rusts
You should see the creative ways they smuggle weapons past the metal detectors
It must be my metabolism
The brace is for getting through metal detectors
I'm trying to make a metaphor here
I mean, I eat whatever I have a really high metabolism
Right, like a vaccine, where you take what makes you sick and you turn it into a cure
All the metal detectors on level four just went off at the same time
Just down the hall from the metal detectors
It 's metal
Pedal to the metal, fullon, all of it or none of it So we're doing this
Spare metal objects, scrap metal It's useful for the war effort, anything metal
Why have you not included that with the metal? That is Johnnie's gramophone
Mark narrates the series that stars Austin Stowell and airs in the 20242025 season
Cote de Pablo and I are also getting ready, moving to Budapest for the summer of 2024
Peter, spare me your usual metaphysical observations
Now you're being metaphysical
Sherry, whatever role you're playing here today is on my terms, my timetable
This virus kills within 24 hours of exposure and there is no known antidote or vaccine
We found something odd in Goss's system We found an unmetabolized virus particle
We have full lockdown
Code 4 Full lockdown
Fulllockdown Code 4 We have full lockdown
ABOUT A MONTH AGO, I LEARNED FROM A CONTACT THAT A GROUP OF SCIENTISTS FROM THE UKRAINE
THESE MEN WHO HAVE IT, THEY ARE FROM THE UKRAINE THEY'RE SCIENTISTS
Well, it's almost like this metaphor for womanhood, isn't it?
Unless we were wearing metal belt buckles Then we'd stick to her
Though you may have to metaphorically make a deal with the Devil
You evil metal dork!
DUDE, REMEMBER THE DRILL INSTRUCTOR IN FULL METAL JACKET?
THAT SHE'LL HAVE A CORONARY IF THE WATER HITS THE CUP ONE SECOND BEFORE THE BAG
I WAS ALLERGIC TO THE CRAP METAL HOOP THAT I PAID $1995 TO HAVE JAMMED INTO MY NOSE
NOW I'M GONNA ZOOM IN ON JUST THE BREAKFAST MEATS
YOU'LL PUT YOUR HOUSE KEY THROUGH THE METAL THINGY ON YOUR BELT
OK, NOW, THIS LITTLE METAL THING IS THE BAIL
THAT LOUD METAL MUSICAL CONTRAPTION,
Anthrax Vaccination Program
Anthrax vaccinations and the yearly boosters are tightly controlled
Whoever gave the nurse the money to buy the vaccine, already has the anthrax
Has any of your employees ever been vaccinated for anthrax?
He was vaccinated a few years ago during a posting in South Africa for the WHO
Nicole Wallace got vaccinated for anthrax in 1996, in Bendigo
We were vaccinated after 9l11
I've been vaccinated for anthrax along with millions of my fellow Australians
Yeah She was vaccinated in 1996, in Bendigo
Some kids were trolling for scrap metal last October along l95 near exit 43
Mendel and McClintock have provided us with the key to understanding how physical appearance, metabolic capacity, and intelligence are passed on from parents to offspring
I'm on your timetable here
WITHOUT DOUBT, THIS IS THE METAL OBJECT THAT SET OFF THE AIRPORT SECURITY SYSTEM
THE CANCER'S METASTASIZED IN MY LYMPH NODES
The worst thing about being in prison, the thing I didn't factor into my equationwe're in lockdown so early,
HE WENT THROUGH THE METAL DETECTOR
METAL OBJECTS
Lockdown My brothers and sisters, we must stop the violence on our streets
Hie thee hither, that I may pour my spirits in thine ear and chastise with the valor of my tongue all that impedes thee from the golden round which fate and metaphysical aid doth seem to have thee crowned withal
I'm sorry We can't permit that We're in lockdown
Lockdown is over!
The day we went into lockdown, murdered right down the hall
Methylene chloride's found in aerosols, paint removers, metal cleaning products, polyurethanebasically everything that was used to rebuild this place
Lockdown!
Lockdown!
There are vaccinations to consider
Now, listen up, nametags
The lesions in your liver are consistent with metastatic pancreatic cancer
This nametag says Paul Flowers, Nurse, not Paul Flowers, Boyfriend
It's some sort of metallic disk, shaped like an octagon
I don't know Just what I told you Oh, and some metal octagonLooking thing
You can control metal objects, can't you, Seth?
Well, assuming we can prove that Seth can manipulate metal with his mind what does that have to do with Lana's sudden Seth infatuation?
Well, it's not just metal
Maybe it's like metal
The longer a magnet touches metal, the longer the effects last
Even though we removed the bullet, kidney damage slowed his metabolism
I know the feeling, at least metaphorically speaking
It could cut into bioterrorism, global pandemics 200 million's real money
We've initiated a standard lockdown procedure and are back to conducting the business of the nation
A lockdown They're not going to let you leave the West Wing
I asked about terrorism before because of the lockdown
How are you enjoying your lockdown?
The press is expecting us to lay out our timetable tomorrow
What's unreasonable about 3 percent? Three percent equals X dollars, which is Y flu vaccinations, Z school lunches 
Coronation chicken, the queen's own recipe
Before I rule it, I wanna go down with a metallurgist to be sure
No, Ukraine Kyiv is Ukraine
Jackpot That's about $10 worth of bulk metal right there
No, I think we discuss it now or I'm gonna walk in there and tell Santoni to vote against this goddamn coronation
Bite my shiny metal ass
Bite my shiny metal ass
Are you made of metal?
Scrap metal, actually
Scrap metal
Molten metal penetrated the spinal cavity and fused the vertebrae at multiple points including the lamina and the roof of the spinal column
I'm being metaphorical, Bob
MetaMan Express elevator Dynaguy, snag on takeoff
Someone needs to teach this hunk of metal a few manners
A metaphor
You used a metaphor on Timon?
Max, Timon's out there chasing metaphors I've got to go find him
Honey, I asked you to get the metal wheel out of the hamster cage I forgot
I mean, metal gets pretty pliable at those speeds
You can kiss my ass, metaldick
Pedal to the metal
The rumor is, he now possesses some superduper metallic arms,
No I'm not just a fan I mean, I sat at your feet, metaphorically
# Just a jackknife ah so metamuk # Wears MacHeath, babe
He died of a coronary complication
Now, can you zoom in on that guy?
Can you zoom in on this, please?
Your Honor, this could only be done based on metaphysical beliefs In other words, religious beliefs
We're always behind this metal and glass
Okay Zooming out of 06, 12, 21
Zooming in
It was in a metal briefcase We're analyzing the composition right now
It was in a metal briefcase We're analyzing the composition right now
For when did friendship take a breed for barren metal from his friends?
I mean, you should see my bazooms, wheeze It's like national geographic over here
You know, metal against bone dadada digging away at you
All I could taste was blood and metal
What's your timetable?
Three weeks ago, a dozen were stolen from the Ukraine
You must have worked on a cure or vaccine or something
Watch their metal burn and flare!
Metal fatigue, old equipment
Your metaphysical nonsense, which, to be fair, actually appeals to the halfeducated dullards that make up most of human society, but which, I hasten to add, no rational, intelligent, freethinking human being truly believes
And when you spend your life, I thought the company thought that we had the next polio vaccine or penicillin
'Sets off metal detectors like crazy'
Plastic, metal, teak
Picked up skills metal working, laundry that's a skill
And I assume that you have a projected timetable for getting your chunk back out?
When I first found out, I almost had a coronary, but I've accepted it
But that is how you make a soft metal into steel
You're just wasting your time trying to save a guy who, last time I checked, had a piece of metal the size of my head sticking out his breadbasket
And my fingers are too titanically muscular to fit through the little metal stripes and rip them out
You got a bill of sale for that sheet metal?
There were all these welding tanks, metal rods
I hold the gun in my hand It looks like a metal fist
AND YOU'LL BE IN 23‐HOUR LOCKDOWN
What are you talking about? Bazooms
If your head's a little messed up, no need messing up your metabolism as well Right
Back when I was a resident I had trouble with metabolic diseases
You had trouble with metabolic diseases?
You had trouble with metabolic diseases?
My question is concerning metabolic diseases
What is the inborn error of metabolism characterised by angiokeratomas?
For the last couple of months I have been adrift in a sea of puppy dogs, lollipops and, let's face it, mediocre metaphors
I'm starting my endocrinology and metabolism fellowship
Yes, genius, in this metaphor the hospital is a chicken
WELL, JUST SO YOU KNOW, I'M FULLY VACCINATED
The optical zoom actually goes up to 712 mm
All war metaphors
And now I'm choosing to give a few underprivileged toddlers vaccinations
I read there's a vaccine coming
There's never been a shooting no metal detectors almost everyone goes to college
The building's on lockdown I need you to stay put until we know what's up
Easy for us to say We don't carry metal for a living
Tell that to the sheetmetal worker whose tendons are shot by 55
General Danzig at UCOM will confirm the timetable
You need to laugh it off Refer questions to the Department of Metaphor
Questions as to symbolism and meanings are the purview of the Department of Metaphor
Stress actually restricts the flow of blood through the coronary arteries
My traps have metal jaws
That was a metaphorical thing
It's bulk metal, 10 cent a pound
We on our way to the metal man We'll come back and pay for everything I promise you
Today I hunted down all that metal, lugged it around like a dog,
and nearly got kilt over a scratch of metal so that I had to beg for my life
That metal doll gave us so much trouble, yet you beat it so easily!
I guess it's lucky for him one of us isn't in the number one spot, like Ametasu Ishida
Metasu?
Benzine, heavy metals, nitrates, basically the water's toxic
Go and prepare your people for the coronation of my nephew
This building with the metal roof looks like it's protecting something
Level six, lockdown! Get backup up here!
I need what every man needs when he's coming off of lockdown
Navy SEALs High scores, Coronado
I mean teaching with a timetable, old fashioned hands on schooling
They've come to kill us And take our women And our precious metals
It's one of the largest metal buddhas in the world
Metal buddha
The coronation is tomorrow, and your brother has the support of the Americans
The stone coffin's just floating there Zoom in and see if it's suspended by wire
Particularly The Metamorphosis
Metamorphosis?
He's great The Metamorphosis is a masterpiece
All we have to do is take the kid down the street to the giant metal alien
Well, you wear a nametag, don't you?
Look, this is not a seminar on metaphysics, son This is the US Navy
Exoskeleton, metalceramic composite
The metastatic plane was too wide for radiation
Miriam, itIt was a metaphor
This is diphtheria vaccine What is your business here, please?
Is it possible to zoom in on it?
When we step on the floor every second that clock is ticking, we are pedal to the metal!
Four years at Naval Base Coronado They paid for college
Stuff was scratched right into the metal
Ukraine
I was born in Ukraine, but I grew up in Brooklyn
I'm going back to Ukraine
Odessa, Ukraine 1992
During the Cold War, the Red Army stationed nearly one million troops in Ukraine because of its strategic military importance
$32 billion billion dollars worth of arms were stolen and resold from Ukraine alone, one of the greatest heists of the 20th Century
We're in lockdown
The vaccine had an unintended side effect
And did your grandparents ever return to Ukraine?
She said that before the war, Ukraine was just as bad as Berlin
Jews weren't exactly popular in Ukraine
In the Ukraine, everybody has a penis like that
If the mind gains the upper hand, the body becomes susceptible to illness: infectious diseases, coronaries, cancer
I don't want you to go through this metamorphosis only to find out you're still incomplete
The Ukraine, a country of some 52 million people, is in almost total blackness tonight in the wake of a series of freakish lightning storms of catastrophic proportion, which struck the country at approximately 4:00 am local time
As in the Ukraine, there are scattered reports that the E MP here was followed by seismic activity on the scale of an earthquake, measuring 65 on the Richter scale
There's this metal thing and it helps it to spin
It's spinning from the metal
One metal fence post, one pair of welder's gloves, five gallons of diesel fuel, and one box of matches
Fucking zoomies
Let's go, zoomies!
Does the inside of office buildings You know, the metal studs
Six scientists are under lockdown in a highsecurity lab where the breach occurred
We got 58 minutes before the auto lockdown is lifted
[Aluminum for the farm is one more example of how Alcoa ] [ since 1999 ] [ has continued to pioneer new uses for this vital metal]
The Metal Shop
My fat, metal friend
Genetically created and housed within a metal case, designed to be a relentless killing machine
Patched up with all sorts of spare parts, mainly metal
You can go as far as Ukraine, around Odessa
We don't use a lot of zoom lenses, but in this whole section I used them
Zoom and handheld cameras
A certain book tells us that witches used to do it with metal penises
I'm backing a rival candidate, so fuck you and fuck you and your Nutter coronation 'cause it ain't happening
It was just a metaphor, nothing more
Zoom in
Then our timetable remains unchanged
He's still inside, somewhere in section C I'm the one who ordered the lockdown
There has got to be some extra metal lying around that we can use to skin this thing
If we can accomplish total metabolic arrest with no tissue damage we will be able to freeze people for thousands of years and bring them back to life
Miss Stadler, when I asked you a week ago why you suspected my client of her husband's death you never mentioned this remark made to the boyfriend about sex and coronaries, did you?
The coronary joke made to the boyfriend
And as a whitehot flame tempers base metal into a fine bleed of steel, so too will we be forged
We searched, sifted, and sorted through every one of this guy's headbanging heavy metal collection
I'm an insomniac who listens to Metallica to go to sleep at night
Condore worked as a supervisor at a scrap metal yard in Baltimore
Look around, I'm in scrap metal
Heavy metal music is often associated with Satanism, and these kids and their leader may reflect that in their look
They all get high and listen to heavy metal
Look, we draw stars upside down, get drunk and listen to metal
But Nietzsche was speaking metaphorically about evolving as a species
If he has stones, it will click against the metal instrument
Oh, yes You see, after ingesting such a large number of metal coins
What naturally occurring element has the highest melting point of all metals?
Well, that's common with metal
Since the juice inhibits enzymes involved in the metabolism of ocp S, i thought i'd avoid the interaction by taking it two hours after my meal
She could've picked a better metaphor
And you thought I was speaking metaphorically
Mr Harper had a coronary bypass yesterday
Dr Shepherd We have a metal pole cutting a path through our insides
While looking for Claire, we found a piece of metal buried in the jungle
A piece of metal
The occasional scrap of metal, a few bags of coffee
Any piece of metal or plastic tubing
I can put my finger through the metal
The babysitter said her halfway house goes into lockdown at 10:00
You think because I'm from Ukraine?
And when you come out of jail, you're going to be shipped back to the Ukraine
We found out six months ago that he had it in his colon and last month, we found out it had metastasized to his liver
After we remove the embedded metals, we can even out the skin surface with a light microdermabrasion
They told me I'd need a metal box 'cause she'd fall through the wooden one and I'd have to pay for two cemetery plots
Because you don't get healthcare, and faster metabolism
It's a jailbreak!
Detention!
Attention The area is on secure lockdown
A lockdown
How do we get a lockdown?
You want a lockdown, you gotta get the inmates riled up
Lockdown!
Lockdown!
You got your lockdown, bro Do your thing
Inmates in cellblock have compromised lockdown and breached AWing through the guard station
You have too much metal on you
Metabolic syndrome? Yes
I will wait in my SUV, blast me some speed metal, 51 surround sound, heavy on the bass, and someone will be getting mowed down
Metastatic lung cancer?
I forgot that if any doctor suspects sars, it's cause for immediate quarantine lockdown
My team believes a bone marrow transplant might slow the growth and bring his metabolism back to normal
This is metal
It's for those of us who can't crush metal with our bare hands
Lockdown initiated
Lockdown complete
You tripped some sort of lockdown protocol
You humming Metallica?
Black Sabbath, Motorhead, Metallica?
That way we can get our side ofthe story across and piss all over Simon Hewitt's cornflakes, sadly only metaphorically
One moment, tracking down the absurd, parrots and goats metaphors for school pride I don't possess and an hour or two later, going after the appalling the murderer of a teenage girl
Dispatch, this is G12 requesting assistance for possible jumper on the Coronado Bridge
Requesting assistance for possible jumper on the Coronado Bridge
I know it sounds like a metaphor, but it's not
I mean, you got motorcycle gangs, gunshots, heavy metal music
It must have had some because six hours ago it seemed as if we were headed for a Baker coronation
 withtheEarnedIncomeTaxCredit
For those of us who are seated with the organometallic chemists
Way to stick with the meteorological metaphor
Campaign's full of metaphors, isn't it?
They can have their coronation
Oh, this is just a bit too metaphorical for me
We may be in danger of overextending the metaphor
We're in lockdown!
I don't want to breathe metallic gas, do you?
And in 2008, along came the flu pandemic
Radzinsky figured out how to fake a lockdown
Zoom in Ready, 16?
This is Brassel again I'm ordering a codesix lockdown I repeat
What if we have a potential pandemic on our hands?
Even a man with my vast talents is worth less inside than a carton of cigarettes and a sharp piece of metal in your pocket
Armstrong residents, this is a lockdown
Armstrong residents This is a lockdown
Attention, Armstrong residents, this is a lockdown
Metabolic sensing to make certain your metabolism is within human range
Secure lockdown
As you will be king and his daughter queen does that mean Donnchadh will be coming to the coronation?
Yeah We haven't even had a coronation yet, and Marke and Wictred are already at odds
Oh, but the coronation should uphold tradition
That and more I know you control metal
I can manipulate the metal in this, but you, you can do anything
Turn in your old weapon Turn in all metal
Absolutely no metal
This metal here underneath is much newer, and there's a modern ID stamp
Led by Captain Zoom and his brother Concussion, the team saved many lives
Zoom got faster and stronger, but the Gamma turned Concussion to the dark side
Zoom's the only one who can train them
Hello, Zoom It's Jack
Wake up, Zoom
Zoom?
Zoom
I have every issue of Captain Zoom And His Amazing Team, most of them still in their original plastic sleeves
I even have the fifth anniversary double issue, Zoom Vs The Atomic Melt
The return of Zoom
Times have changed, Zoom
The center of the dimensional probing is following Zoom here, from Long Beach
Welcome back, Zoom
It's Zoom
Mr Shepard is Captain Zoom
And these comics are a record of the incredible things that Zoom and his amazing team did to protect mankind
Zoom
You're Captain Zoom
Can you eat fast, too? Zoom
Come on, let's let Mr Zoom finish his oatmeal
Thanks, Mr Zoom
Our only hope lies with Marsha and Zoom training the kids
You can't be considering Gamma radiation after what happened to Zoom's brother?
He's coming for Zoom sooner than I thought
Well, if Zoom still had his powers, his speed could create a mega vortex which would trap Concussion and reverse the dark effects of the Gamma radiation
Zoom!
Actually, it's Zoom
Zoom
Zoom We have a chance to save him
Hold it, Zoom
And so, Zoom was reunited with his brother and a new Zenith team
You don't understand the metaphor?
What's a shorter word for metamorphosis ?
All metabolic functions and muscle movements are being broadcast and ready to download to computer
A regimen established and maintained by Mary Ann, who believed that rigid adherence to a timetable was not only the key to a healthy marriage, but to effective parenting as well
For the horse you poke with metal, every time you want it to do something?
And if you get lost on the way its the big metal thing with four wheels
Colombian coke and H, arms from the Ukraine,
We're on a timetable The next call that we get will be at the First Avenue bridge
To avoid misunderstandings I'll be blunt offer him a preventive blowjob either as frankly as I'm being with you, or metaphorically, you decide
So the corrugated metal not only reflects the beauty of the common, offtheshelf material, but also emphasizes the invisible line between the old and new construction
Maybe it's a metaphor for purification, starting new
Joe Strombel Coronary thrombosis
What are you putting in your Metamucil? You know
Distressed, studded leather, pieced by hand, finished with a metallic fringe
I want metal keys, coins, knives, nails and I want them back here, full, in five minutes
Ricky, pan to the right and zoom in
Zoom back in and stay there STEVE:
He's talking to someone right now Just keep zooming in
We may be small, but our hearts are large metaphorically speaking
TO ANNOUNCE THE TIMETABLE FOR OUR PROGRAM
Solid metal
The elevators, of course, have the lockdown system, and this is where the patients can move to once they become more progressed
Three, push metal plate 2 x 23 in
Do you have some kind of precision tool for cutting metal?
He wants to do it without Congressional sanction or a timetable to lift it
This is Chloe O'Brian Initiate a lockdown now
We're in lockdown
Enter your pass code But it's a lockdown
We're already operating under that timetable, sir
Yeah, metaphorically speaking
You'd be surprised what a powerful idea that is to people cooped up in metal boxes for nine months
We're not Because we go out over and over again, until some day, some metal motherfrakker
He has stage4 metastasized lung cancer
And the little metal clasp on it was simply no match for the paper clip and the screwdriver
They're supposed to alter the metallic taste sensation from the chemotherapy and make your regular food taste better
I'm feeling some fairly extensive damage from coronary artery disease
No, the leg is a metaphor
That's the metaphor you're going with here?
Just like upstairs Sports metaphors are one of the ways women feel left out of the language of the office
That's what SHE said! Zoom, zoom, zoom!
That's what all the metal is in your body
Metal detectors, frisking, my father with the shoes?
I mean, God forbid Tony ever gets cancer, coronary, something like that
The cost of their presence, transportation and the cost of metal detection screening equipment is to be borne by you at your own expense
All metal objects in the tray, sir
I'm afraid maybe the thing metastasized
We done with this metaphor?
Yeah, between the, uh, security sweep, the metal detectors, and the, uh, perimeter detail, that was about the safest mass performed in America today
Produce ID, pass through a metal detector, enter my own brother's house
That is gonna change our entire Mideast peacekeeping timetable
We mined nonmetallic minerals
A timetable
You want to talk metaphors or do you want to take off your pants?
Not by chewing on the wire alone, but if the tail touches metal, it acts as a ground, and boom, fuse pops
Pandemic!
Pandemic!
Pandemic! Pandemic!
Pandemic right here!
Pandemic!
Homers got them metal things around their leg
Yo, blacktops, pandemic
Pandemic, got that pandemic Pandemic
Don't wait for the pandemic It's right here, y'all
Don't sleep on the pandemic
There's not enough vaccine for you and the baby
You'll thank me for this one day It's a vaccine
It's in here The vaccine's in here!
It was in here! The vaccine was in here!
The vaccine was in here! Where is it?
Today they got contests, they go on the road like they're Metallica
Back to the lockdown ward for you, my friend
Especially in the minds of young people that are scrambled with video games and death metal
I'm really worried about a patient with metastatic adenocarcinoma
There was some kind of lockdown or something
[Burke] Got a lot of metastatic disease here
Ms Carver, unfortunately, we found that the cancer has metastasized to your chest wall
Lana, we've been able to alter the viruses transforming them into the ultimate vaccine
I assure you the vaccine is processed and ready
Lex, it's a vaccine What threat could it possibly pose?
Where's the vaccine?
You were never gonna create a vaccine for humans, were you?
So you went behind my back, massproduced the vaccine for mankind
I never intended to massproduce the vaccine
And now LuthorCorp has a technology to create an extraordinary vaccine
LuthorCorp spent over $ 10 million producing that vaccine
Why would you be asked to produce a super vaccine just to have it destroyed?
So forgive us if we didn't get a chance to take every picture, every video, or get you every vaccination
You may pick the metaphor of your choice but, in any event, we will lose
Zoom in 2 miles
HELEN: I must say, I was a bit surprised that there are no metal detectors in the school
DC doesn't have any metal detectors in the elementary schools Oh That's okay
Dave Matthews is into his third encore and bar's out of Corona
The difference between a successful presidency and a historical footnote is how well you roll with the punches just to complete my tour of sports metaphors
The amniotic fluid should work as an attenuated vaccine on the mutated cells
There's set of metal doors leading underground
She said the playground near her house was a hazard Rusted metal We'll get right on it
And it spread quickly and he died when it finally metastasized on his lungs
This product does not metabolize as a normal sugar in the body
Okay, well, I'll wave to you at the metal detectors
Listen up, nametags
So, Phil Leotardo, huh? Coronary?
See, I have to be cognizant not only of the death of Ryan Klein but also of the pandemic of pharming drug parties going on in every town all over this country, causing the loss of many lives
I saw black metal in his hand
♪ Goodbye to Rosie ♪ ♪ The queen of Corona ♪
Metaphase, anaphase, telophase
We found what might be a hole where he said he fired into the street, but no nail, even after sweeping the block with metal detectors
Try, uh, Minter's over there by the tracks, or one of those metal shops where they do plating
* Zoomzoomzoom *
Oh! * Zoomzoomzoom *
You zoomzoomzoom?
Of course I invented the zoomzoomzoom
* Zoomzoomzoom! *
Well, these scrolls, they speak in metaphors
As boring as a bad metaphor
The foot was severed between the tarsus and the metatarsus
I really thought she was a metaphor, not an actual human being An ideal
Slow metabolism, I guess
They started with metals, then almost anything else
There's no metaphor
Now, let's take this metaphor, blow it up and apply it to you and your life
It's supposed to be metaphorical and evocative
That's a metaphor
We're kind of on a bit of a timetable
All right! Zoom
Zoom! Zoom
Actually, while we've been eating, the computers have been running a full bioscan on Carys, profiling her blood, metabolism, organs, skin, the works
As soon as you think you've got something clear, the metabolic rate, the blood pressure all goes wild again
we receive shipments of vaccines from the red cross
it's that the vaccines that you spoke ofhow often do the shipments come?
what makes you so interested in our shipments of vaccine,father?
the vaccines fetch a high price on the black market
we owe whatever vaccines we have to his work
i hear you have some vaccine to sell
i hear you have a shipment of vaccine for sale
I used to work in waterprocess technologies, working mainly in primary metals
I thought I was Oprah in this metaphor
METASTASIZED TO MY BONES AND MY LIVER THERE'S NOTHING THEY CAN
Well, once we boost that metabolism of yours, you'll be burning energy you didn't even know existed
I know plenty of weekend warriors who think they're 20 and end up with coronaries
Belts, too Anything with metal on it
Was there damage To the coronary artery?
A schedule of the weekend's events and a nametag
What is with your nametag?
Who wears a nametag in the middle of their chest?
Superman's S? That was not a nametag That was an emblem
You don't like these kinds of things things with schedules and nametags You mock these kinds of things
What is this you have on your nametag Zinf?
Well, you might save the metaphors and alliterations for poetry class and give me something short and snappy
Does it have to do with the nametaginthemiddleofthechest thing?
It's a metaphor
It's made out of the same metal as the glove
We've seen it before Metallic resonance
We've gone into lockdown
Come on, think! If Suzie set up the lockdown, how did she do it?
If words cause the lockdown, maybe numbers reverse it
Stims amp up your metabolism
A bridge is also a metaphor
As I was saying, a bridge is a metaphor, a meeting place between here and there, between the past and the future
Diwali is a celebration of the coronation god king Rama after his epic battle with Ravena, the demon king of Lanka
Zooming in getting closer, closer, getting ready to land
Uh, I was looking for a bus timetable
Metawhatic?
Metastatic
That's why we bought these metal rods Don't you just love spring?
Metal folding chairs? And now I'll take questions for an hour
I'm holding this guy's left coronary with a clamp
Dr Torres will place metal plates and screws to hold the ankle together
It's a blockage, left main coronary artery
Your xray shows the metal's embedded in your femur
You go to the science museum and you put your hand on a metal ball and your hair sticks up straight
TO VACCINES, CANCER TREATMENTS
DOES ANYONE HERE REMEMBER THE FLU VACCINE CRISIS A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO?
AND YET THE GOVERNMENT LEFT 30 MILLION WITHOUT VACCINATIONS
Sounds like mr harlow is not only a master of metaphor,
Car metaphors?
Or improve yourself into a new person which is to turn a person into a chic style and also add with the Metallic structures
So, just to be safe, they are giving her the rabies vaccine
Tom, you saw the little ****** with the *****? she's zooming passed us
Actually, baseball's the perfect metaphor for life
A couple of big swigs,your guilt goes right out the window,bing,bang,zoomyou're whipping off my panties and whipping out your dick
Two tons of metal, 200 miles an hour, flesh and bone and plain old Newton 
Highvelocity impact, twisted metal, busted glass, all four souls taken exactly at the same time
When I suggested that you continue to The Economic Department, in order to manage Hanshin Bank after me, you listened to Grandfather instead, and proceeded to the Department of Metallurgy, choosing to manage Hanshin Tokushu Seiko!
Department of Engineering Division of Metallurgy
Letter Of Appreciation to Manpyo Teppei Metallurgy Division, Tokyo University
the metal tip on that comb
I want her under lockdown now
i just think, you know, a hunk of metal in the sky
Back then it was an industrial supplier of metal brackets, mostly, for construction
We zoom back to find that she's in the desert and the field is an oasis
We zoom back further, the desert is a sandbox in the world's largest resort hotel
Zoom back further, the hotel is actually the playground of the world's largest prison
But we zoom back further
That's what we smitten folk call a metaphor
The camera slowly zooms in, huh?
There's nothing like a little '80s hair metal to put a smile on your face After the day you've had?
If all goes well we'll have a vaccine soon
Eagles of Death Metal
Don't have a coronary, 'cause I wouldn't know how to explain that to your wife
I just sat down at my mother's old Smith Corona
I'll zoom in on his mouth
Tsumetaku warau sadame o ikiteyuku koto
Jack really gets angry anytime someone mentions the vaccine, and I tell him we should be grateful
Well, do you have something like a paper clip,a thin piece of metal
Tsumetaku warau sadame o ikiteyuku koto
Tsumetaku warau sadame o ikiteyuku koto
Tsumetaku warau sadame o ikiteyuku koto
It's cold enough to crystallize the metal in many commercial locks
What, I gotta stay another day in this crappy metal box?
Lots of rusted metal And they probably got him down in the hold
Drank the cream, ate the butter, then I get hit with a coronary
We have gone into immediate lockdown procedure
We've been in lockdown for almost 20 minutes My team's already in motion
He spends hours in his room, listening to that metal music I don't understand
What are you talking about? Most clients will put up with one coronary from a partner
You've got to put something metal between the contact points to keep the circuit from breaking, like a paperclip, or a hairpin
Yeah, this metaphor's really falling apart
let's just kick back and wait for the massive coronary you're going to have, a couple years from now when you're 40
A new metal an unknown alloy
This wall is metallic, so it won't let radio waves come through
Discarded metal bars acted as lightning rods
The electrical energy stored in the thundercloud traveled toward the discarded metal all at once
But electrical wire was wrapped around the metal bar and the tip of the bar was in the water
(HEAVY METAL MUSIC CONTINUES)
For the change for River Deep we have a dress, very short in metal, it's all in chains from Alexander McQueen
the sludge metal and the pig's blood cocktails that was great
All that clanking metal and junk
If you just cracked this new virus how are you ready with vaccines so quickly?
But, then, another percentage is hormones a body produces when it enters REM sleep suggesting that the hormones acted as a catalyst in some kind of metabolic reaction, and then were expelled as waste
Fort Detrick went into lockdown mode this afternoon
If that were true, we could create a conjugate vaccine
Survivors are using every means to spread the vaccine to as many people as possible
On the anniversary of the space shuttle Patriot disaster leading scientists convened in Washington today to update the president on the continued efforts to eradicate the global pandemic
Once we isolated the vaccine, the result was inevitable
I want an immediate 12block lockdown of the area
Entering coronal hole in South Polar Cap
The metal's just contracting and expanding
Shit, two tons of metal at 200 miles an hour, flesh and bone and plain old Newton they all princess died
High velocity impact, twisted metal, busted glass, all four souls taken exactly at the same time
Her blood could contain the key to a vaccine, even a cure
And give me 50 bullets from a strong metal
No metal
Pot metal?
You're so concerned with stuff, like Don't get them vaccinated
Where's the zoom on this?
You don't need the zoom
The world of medicine has seen its share of miracle cures from the polio vaccine to heart transplants but all past achievements may pale in comparison to the work of Dr Alice Krippin
Vaccine trials continue
One of the most horrifying metamorphoses ever told
Wait, zoom in a little
I think I'm developing a sudden coronary blockage
Ukraine
I have a friend from Ukraine who's got a gun
Psychokinesis being practiced by advanced meditators before but I always thought it was just a metaphor
No, come on, this is not a metaphor we're dealing with, it's way beyond metaphor at this point
AndAndAnd a little piece of metal
Then you take the metal pieces and you dump 'em down different sewers
All over Brazil, Afghanistan, Poland, Ukraine, Iraq
Tell him we'll get the guys in from the Ukraine, all right?
Anj, what are you talking about, the Ukraine?
A vaccine cured some people
Maybe it's metastasized
FBI match was metallurgical
No metal on metal going down the barrel
It was, however, an exact metallurgical match
It was meant to be metaphorical
Metaphors
It's metastasized to his brain
Metast
The house is going into lockdown
You took care of the lockdown mechanism
Listen Is there any way we can reverse the lockdown mechanism?
I figured he was speaking metaphorically, now I'm not so sure, because guess what
That's why you get that metallic tapping sound
Ovid's Metamorphoses I never thought I'd read Latin again
The Metamorphoses is about people getting changed into other creatures
Try zooming out, maybe your fuckin' shot will work
I want a lockdown on all of our satellites
We need a lockdown
Put it in lockdown
All cells in lockdown
The lockdown is down there
The whole prison's on lockdown
Lockdown?
This whole place is in lockdown
We're in lockdown, governor
Total lockdown
Only now the Taliban has metastasized into something infinitely more vicious and potent because they're now 20 versus superpowers
Metal detectors on every door, and teachers carrying Mace
And I didn't know they made an attache case out of metal
not some screwedup metal monster
Lockdown every night
He cannot metabolize the grapes!
But those metallic beasts are dangerous
With your international appeal, we can go anywhere How about the Ukraine?
Not the Ukraine
Zoom in, zoom in
I set the timetable
SECURITY'S CONFIRMED THAT JACK DIDN'T PASS THROUGH ANY EXITS BEFORE THE LOCKDOWN
Through the glass casing I have two small metal plates slowly converging on each other
There's a small metal box to the right of it
Forensic evidence indicates the hyoscine pentothal you gave to Graem during his interrogation caused his coronary
He didn't metabolize the alcohol
He didn't metabolize the alcohol?
We're in a lockdown
I've cut the pentobarbital drip, his metabolic rate's up He's breathing on his own
It's in a locked box at the Corona de Oro Club and you're a member
She was spotted at the Corona de Oro Club about an hour ago
Corona de Oro Club?
If you let metake you to triage,I promise youI will find your son
Some metalsomething in my legthrown off
Much as I hate to use a cat metaphor, Doctor
Excuse me? I'm going to vaccinate you
Right now, Olivia will be familiarizing you with the protocol for the flu vaccine
Your stress test shows coronary artery disease
The idea that two grown men hitting a tiny ball with metal sticks is the equivalent of Hamlet ridiculous
Zoom in on me and look straight into my eyes!
Some say speed metal can be very soothing
It's metaphorically speaking
And I guess the EKG tells them how bad the blockage of his arteries is and what degree of coronaryartery disease he has, or CAD, as they're calling it, because, apparently, everything is a what do you call it?
He's having a coronary bypass pretty soon
You're not talking metaphysically, are you?
You were Desert Soldier #4 in Metalstorm: Destruction of JaredSyn? I was
I think I speak for the both of us when I say, Cause they're metal penises
You have to bounce the ball twice and toss it accurately enough to hit the netting, or metal ring
IT'S LIKE A METAPHOR, OKAY?
Coronary Failure
Fucking empty compliments I had major fucking coronary disease
The cancer has continued to metastasize from the lungs
What about the metastases?
It's a metaphor He lost his balls is what I'm saying
Mrs Chernus' brother, Natalya's uncle, worked for me at the embassy in the Ukraine
There was no vaccine, no cure, no treatment
But the grim butcher's bill for this pandemic still keeps growing and growing
Well, in basic terms, it's a tool that allows us to visualize brain function by showing changes in blood flow and other metabolic processes
In it was a metal object
He raised his hand with something metallic in it
And if you think, in any way that you'll leave me, I will put this piece of metal right in that very small space right between your eyes
Turn up the metabolic heat with a fahrenheit of—
I'm scrubbing in on a major coronary artery dissection with Hahn, and you're not going to fight me for it?
You're gonna talk her through a coronary artery dissection repair
There are four chambers in your heart, and three major coronary arteries that supply blood and oxygen
How are the preparations for the coronation?
Mr Holbein has been designing all kinds of things for the coronation procession
I'm going to have to attend on the king and that bitch of his at her coronation
How was the coronation?
Her coronation took place in London this past week
His Majesty wondered why you did not attend the queen's coronation as you were invited to do
There are some and, no, I won't name them who first procure you for the coronation next to preach at it, and then to write books defending it
I believe you met Her Majesty once before, in Calais, when she accompanied His Majesty before her coronation
Pass curvy metal piece you will
Holy Full Metal Jacket
It's a supernatural lockdown, okay?
It's not a metaphor
Lot number 2, sixyearold heifer, IBR registered, vaccinated over 60 days ago, 776 kilos, starting at 1,230 euros
In the pen, lot number one, 12 grazers from December 2018 through February 2019, vaccinated over 60 days ago, average weight, 340 kilos
Lot number 2, six calves vaccinated over 60 days ago
It will, however, dissolve metal, rock, glass, ceramic
Yeah Dogs and metal detectors and locker searches and stripsearches
Let's hope our metal friend didn't find it
Our metal friend was only here to kill that fourth fighter when he came home
She's got a metal plate in her head Really
I have a metal plate in my head
How many of those things, those endoskeletons, do you think they can make out of that load of metal in there?
Whether from clay or from metal, it is in the nature of us to make our own monsters
He's in lockdown
You metal bitch
That's because your guts are made of metal, like your head If you were a little smarter, you'd be a tin can
Escaped with John Connor, 2021
Living tissue over a metal endoskeleton
Metal!
Cameron had burned the metal monster
science now performs miracles like the gods of old, creating life from blood cells,or bacteria,or a spark of metal
Now zoom in Zoom in on this point right here
Can we zoom in tighter than that?
Zoom in right here on this spot Right there The reflection
Shit, the military's cleared to override a terminal lockdown
301 to 306 We are confirmed go for a State of the Union lockdown
I don't know if it's the on button or the zoom button
You got vaccinated?
Kind of why I'm sitting outside here, eating my lunch, wearing the nametag
The left one is plywood, the next one has metal fittings and carvings on both sides
Well, what kind of timetable you looking at?
You know, the metal bar for taking out the nails?
Are we talking about a big metal container or something fragile?
So, what, they don't teach arithmetic in the Ukraine?
We're in the metal shop
This is a fucking metal shop, man
You know, you got a big metal thing up against you, but pulling them out, they're gonna leave a couple little holes, a little bit of blood loss there
I've been put in charge of the negotiations you are engaged in with Ecocorp for issuance of their license to do business in the Ukraine
We have to contain him Security, lockdown
Full lockdown
If you tidied up your shrine to Norwegian death metal, it might facilitate things a bit
But the speed gun detects metal
Operation Metal Storm!
This is no Metal Storm It's a street band
We farm captive aliens for the exotic chemical products they metabolize
Is it a virus, a lockdown?
Local police have secured the entire airport in a lockdown and access into the area is blocked
Every Marine involved in the assault was vaccinated
It's the vaccine
Ηe's the one Who developed a vaccine for the virus which you, in particular, are so familiar with
The US Government obtained permission from Indian authorities to administer the Tvirus vaccine to the nearby communities
A vaccine secretly developed by WilPharma
Why the hell didn't you break out the vaccine for this?
The trucks carrying the vaccine
Ηow much vaccine is left?
Everything We brought today was all we were able to scrape together from vaccine samples inside the company
And there's no vaccine left
Create a vaccine But even the senator couldn't adequately express the threat G posed to the government
They were gonna make a vaccine like for the Tvirus but Davis just called Frederic and told him to get rid of it
Dead Νo vaccine data, no nothing
So you needed an excuse to use the vaccine
As of now, General Grande only you will be in possession of a set of the Tvirus and the Tvaccine
I have the last of the vaccine, and the development data
But Frederic decided he could only sell them as a set With a vaccine
Ηe had the luxury of searching for potential customers while manufacturing the vaccine
Metaphorically Look, in two hours' time, this woman will be dead
Well, instead of the redundancy program channel the fuel into that bunker and instigate permanent lockdown
When that hits, it'll trigger an emergency lockdown!
One of those ones that would metabolize in the body so quickly it wouldn't be detectable
I came up with the circle idea halfway through, Cause I thought it was a more elegant metaphor,
Exactly, and I took that we're good to mean You didn't want any more Metaphorical relationship muffins
If she kills me,I want you to go into my apartment, grab the metal briefcase under my bed and throw it in the East River
It's metastasized
They go through some kind of metamorphosis?
And that is the charred metacarpal bone of a newborn baby Oh
Was there a nametag?
I don't see any vaccination trucks or anything like you see in the movies
Don't you find it metallic and vile? I don't think about it
The camera slowly zooms in
Emergency lockdown
The entire complex has gone into emergency lockdown, initiated by Agent Rivai, who is following FBI protocol for a situation such as this
All personnel will follow lockdown Are you okay?
All personnel will follow lockdown What was that?
How were you able to make contact in the middle of a lockdown?
But you guys are in the middle of a lockdown
That's all we need, a fire in the middle of a lockdown with a killer on the loose
Cancel the lockdown and open the exit doors
Emergency lockdown override
Mike, they're going for the coronado mesa nuclear plant
Skyler rand's team and the turners are on full lockdown in a federal detention facility
Graduated corona high with a 39 gpa
Zoom in on the invite and print a copy
Zooming image secured
Do you have any metal in your pockets?
It spreads through metal And if there's no metal, it stops
Right, and it appears to burn itself out If it doesn't have anything metallic to conduct it
The virus spreads Through metal
It infects everything electronic, And it spreads through metal
Literally eats heavy metals and then craps out Harmless organic matter
There is a way we can synthesize a vaccine
His nonmetallic parts protected his metal parts From catching the virus for a long time
You mean like synthesizing a vaccine From the antibody rich blood of a healthy human?
is battalion still asking us to execute our mission on the same timetable?
He's shooting at scraps of metal
The battalion supply truck we left last night, it is a smoldering heap of twisted metal and failed hopes in the trustworthiness of the iraqis we are striving so hard to liberate
Our timetable does not allow for a foot patrol
The machine is a magnet, and you've got metal in your blood
Quite a mess Why would there be metal in his blood?
I believe there are clusters of metal in the visual centers of your brain
A metallic cylinder, 24 inches tall, 12 inches in diameter
Stranger still although it seemed to be a solid piece of hard metal it was vibrating
I hope that a gigantic metallic suppository is not the pinnacle of human achievement
I think sometimes they're made of metal
It has metastasized to her lymph glands
I believe the appropriate metaphor here involves a river of excrement and a Native American water vessel without any means of propulsion
But based on NASA's latest timetable, they won't get there for 35 years
I believe this is an extension of the death metaphor
I'm sorry, you violated the terms of your metaphor by acknowledging her existence
Ok, now zoom in and press play
A violent collision of metal against flesh
In a city on lockdown, an ambulance with its siren blaring and lights on, it's going to make it through every road block virtually uncontested
Probably a resident They offered wit pro That means he's in lockdown
I have a weird metabolism
Do you know how to reanastomose the coronary arteries Back on to the aorta?
A coronary artery reanastomosis
We're doing a bicoronal incision
I reattached a coronary artery
The polio vaccine, which animal do we have to thank for that?
So the polio vaccine, developed using mice and monkeys
The kind of metastases you have are prone to spontaneous bleeding
Metaphorically dead or dead dead?
Loves the heavy metal, worships Satan
Just tell us where that metal head is, sir
We burn your ewaste down to the usable metals, safely releasing the toxins into our air and drinking water
Is there an app for kissing my shiny metal ass?
becca moody You're like the only postPunk, heavyMetal chick
All the co factors needed for healthy metabolism it's in the cacao bean
and they would never grow back and we know that's not true we know these tumors can and do grow back and the reason they grow back is you have not corrected the underlying metabolic process
We also handle specialized metal processing such as explosive forming
But, he studied metal processing really hard, and grew the company to what it is today
I'll be using a case that has one of these metal sheets welded in
and melt the metal sheet into liquid, turning it into a high velocity projectile
In other words, at the moment of explosion, the metal sheet will, as you see, turn into a shape with sharp tip and fly out
Analysis of Liquified Metal Behavior Through Explosive Pressure Tomonaga?
Changing the shape of metal using explosives was analyzed through an immense amount of experimentation
The kind of explosives, amount, properties of the metal, shape, size
He was a man known as the Magician of Metals Incredible
Analysis of Liquified Metal Behavior Through Explosive Pressure
This is the stainless metal sheet used to prove my hypothesis through experimentation
Tomonaga Metal Impact Development Team Tomonaga Yukimasa
It's a small piece of metal I'm gonna take it out
It allowed the great Genghis Khan to rule from the Pacific to the Ukraine
Connect to the sys co Have it reconfigure the shell metals
Bolt! Zoom, zoom
I have a brilliant order, clearly it is a metal one Let's go grandpa, fill up the bag
You get his badge number or see his nametag?
We would just tow crippled ships, scraps of metal, really
I drove those nogood cheeky bulls into the big bloody metal ship
Missus Boss, we got to get those nogood cheeky bulls into the big bloody metal ship
We've got to get those nogood big bloody bulls into that metal ship
Remove your keys, any metal objects Laptops out, please
In 2023, when the rising tidal waters were threatening to flood London, we extended the Thames flood barrier
We can use her blood to make a vaccine Hand her over
What makes a cell suddenly decide to turn itself into a killer metastasis and destroy the rest of the cells in a healthy body?
Zooming in
Let's get you vaccinated
Sir, coronal gas readings just spiked
Me in a metal tube, deep underground with hundreds of people in the most aggressive city?
It's a timetable With a check for every murder going back a hundred years
This ain't no dead piece of metal
That's why I spent $3 million on this burnt and twisted lump of metal
This financier kept all his paintings in a modern apartment with metal shutters and alarms everywhere
With her It Metal
/I'm not really sure what /I'm looking at, metalface
/The word is Metaphor
The Emperor's mystics taught him mastery over the five elements, fire, water, earth, wood and metal
He's got control over fire, water, metal and who knows what else
Now, we can also do something about the vaccine scar
I wanna talk about this vaccine thing I mean, can you counsel me on this?
I put on Metallica
But the one time setting that did stay constant is what we call metadata
Metadata's a big, twodollar word for information about information
I was really elated to see that the metadata was still intact
This virus is extremely infectious and there is no effective vaccine yet
The vaccine l developed killed people
It's probably oxidized The taste becomes metallic
one can guess at a crude timetable
And just like that, our modest little Sunny Vista Motel metamorphosized into the mighty Sunny Vista Nottingham
On the day the world ended the fate of mankind was carried in a small metal box
Dead metal? Meadow
Old papers! Sheet metal! Junkman!
The husband's thinking, Gosh I mean, the police show up at his door and say, The lady you married from the Ukraine,
Now, as you know, last night the Russians launched a new offensive against Army Group North Ukraine in the South Poland section
We must consider pulling men from Army Group North Ukraine, as well as the Romanian   and prevent further losses
This is Agent Archer [metal door closing]
In the middle, encapsulated in a metallic sphere lined with beryllium, which promotes the fission process
I wonder if he'd be willing to stay in lockdown, indefinitely, for his own safety
Now, for your own safety and the safety of those around you, metallic objects must never be placed within the vault
You do know he said specifically not to put anything metal in here
If I had some strips of ferrous metal, a ninevolt battery clip and some wiring
Don Self has a metal case out there, and I don't know what's in it
All because you insist some sword, with a metal cock on the end, can save the world?
I heard he's 2 feet tall And bites off your knees I heard he's got metal teeth And wears superman's briefs
Some place with a lot of metal
Order now, you get the camera, you get the printer, 4x optical zoom,
Who says that a strong jawline or a fast metabolism or a muscular physique
The metacarpals, the meta phalanges
Lockdown, 11C
Supercooling also damages metal
You got metal shards in your hand You're gushing arterial blood
Officially, they're characterizing that it was a coronary brought on by systemic shock
I'll initiate a lockdown
We're on our way to the lockdown
Aaron Pierce is taking her to lockdown as we speak But we need to move
Bill, what's the most direct route to the lockdown?
We're moving the president to lockdown
They're moving the president to the lockdown
We've engaged hostiles on the way to the lockdown
Aaron, it's Jack I'm with the president, approaching the lockdown
Does Secret Service know their president is secured in the lockdown?
But that man Bauer said he got my mother into the lockdown
The president is secured in the lockdown
Who else is in the lockdown with the president?
So you think the president made it into the lockdown?
We're therefore asking you to authorize the rescue operation before Juma manages to penetrate the lockdown
Do you have any other evidence that supports your theory that the president is in the lockdown?
There's no safe path out We need to secure her in the first floor lockdown
In the lockdown room, there were five canisters of CH4
I'll make a run for the lockdown room, try and draw their fire
When I was in the lockdown with the president,
I'll make a run for the lockdown room
Well, we have to assume that he contacted the authorities, so we better be on an accelerated timetable
We have to assume that he contacted the authorities, so we'd better be on an accelerated timetable
Larry, I want you and your men to pull out on Hodges's timetable
Larry, I want you and your men to pull out on Hodges's timetable
We'd just be accelerating the timetable
All right Well, we're on a timetable here
Why are we in Level Four lockdown? Don't worry about it
I just don't like havin' to dance around this Level Four lockdown Oh
Someone did a runaround on the Level Four lockdown
Because of the Level Four lockdown
Now, in order to meet that timetable, the fleet and carrier air wing must start withdrawing by 1:00, at the latest
We're on a timetable
May I ask what your timetable is for the invasion?
Feels like a metal plate or something
Sell the metal
Sell the metal
Sell the metal
Sell the metal
So let's get out there and sell the metal!
It's the goddamn cold Metal contracts, you know that
Or three, change our own metabolism, so that we can exist on a whole different kind of food
Plumber Joe Simonton is finishing his lunch when he notices a metallic saucer‐shaped craft landing just outside his kitchen window
Could these metamorphic alterations of the flesh represent more than mere selfexpression or even acts of religious tribute? NARRATOR:
Futurist Elon Musk introduces a new technology venture aimed at what is known as selfdirected evolution
The technology that Elon Musk is developing could potentially also be applied to the human body in the form of tattoos
What's the timetable on the plane?
Isn't the San Quentin when you attach a car battery to a metal chair, and make it the only place where a guy can sit for lunch?
This is the key stage in the metamorphosis
SpaceX and Elon Musk and Blue Origin and Jeff Bezos and other entrepreneurs were developing low‐cost, really effective ways to get in orbit
Metals like gold, copper, and zinc have been mined on Earth for thousands of years and are vital to civilization
It is widely accepted that without access to metals, both technology and civilization would not have been possible
But luckily for mankind, some 38 billion years ago, it is estimated that trillions of asteroids crashed into the Earth and deposited a layer of heavy metals into the planet's now‐hardened crust
So all the precious metals that we mine on the Earth actually came from the asteroids SERCEL:
The bombardment of asteroids seeded Earth's crust with enough metals to make possible the Bronze Age, the Iron Age, and today's technological civilization
But many metals, including rare earth elements needed for high technology, are in increasingly short supply
In 2021,
I was a square peg in a round hole, you should pardon the metaphor
In the blue corner 38 victories, 34 knockouts the fighting machine from the Ukraine the undefeated numberone ranked heavyweight challenger:
Can you zoom in?
On a more metaphysical level, the universal law of entropy also tells us that any isolated system, left on its own, is inevitably destined to irreversible degradation, to the point of selfdestruction
Their song is more of a metaphor, like their call, their allure, you know?
Not a metaphor, not an analogy, it's a
The mri shows no metastases
What if we put acid on the metal bars? It'll eat through the metal, won't it?
On further analysis of Strahm's fingerprints, it was found that the uric acid levels in the eccrine gland residue were inconsistent for an individual with an active epidermal metabolism
But in reality, they're bending metal, plastic, glass
The plates! Zoom in on the plates!
I zoomed in to get a look at them and I saw that
The plates! Zoom in on the plates!
Enter Sandman, Metallica
Sent through an encrypted server from Ukraine
And, like, is it supposed to be a metaphor for consumerism?
Scrap metal You shouldn't have
resulting in decreased pulse rate, metabolic rate and muscle tone
Decrease your metabolic rate
Izzie has stage four metastatic melanoma that has spread to her brain, liver and skin
Iz, you know, you have stage IV metastatic melanoma
Now it comes raining down from the skies, made of metal,
Lockdown Ianto, you're going to get locked inside
Torchwood lockdown
Torchwood lockdown
Torchwood lockdown
Torchwood lockdown
Torchwood lockdown
A claw man to slip past the metal detector and cut the alarm wires
Now to go switch bodies with Zoidberg, sneak past the metal detector and clip the alarm wires, all in less than
I'm getting reports that cities across the globe are being destroyed by this noble invader, whose good looks are apparently discernible across vast distances and through solid metal
Bite my tiny metal ass!
What are you doing with bender's shiny metal gas compressor?
Full metal jacket or hollow point?
We're in lockdown, and we can keep you safe if this thing goes bad
Well, at least I'm in charge of the lockdown
What? The metal detector wasn't enough?
Atomic number 72, hafnium is a ductile metal with a high neutron capture crosssection
Otherwise I'd have to listen to that bloody heavy metal wrist slitting shit you listen to
I zoomed in on 100 people in over four countries
We really should have spaced out your vaccinations
Kevin Nealon, John Forsythe, and Metallica drummer, Lars Ulrich
Hepatitis vaccine, a couple of steroids, the gay gene, calcium, a vitamin B extract
Tell me about the metal, about the symbols
Where's the metal?
Metal
Our mystery woman's got a problem She's gotta get that metal out
You're made of metal Not the same metal as i am
But metal
the sarah connor chronicles where's the metal?
The metal The metal
I don't know but I saw the metal
Metal
Please I'm not metal
He's got about as much metal in him as you do
This heavy, metallic smell that would follow him home from the plant,
Revolutionary vaccines
A standard walkietalkie with removable crystals metallic ballpoint pen, and an eyeglassrepair kit
Zoom in on her hand
Metal
The lockdown
He wants to get around the lockdown
And the metasoma, the tail, was it segmented like a scorpion?
Losing Chandler screwed up his timetable
Zoom in on Camera 1, please
Aunt Liv, I'm getting vaccinations
We'd induce a mild hypothermia, which would minimize swelling and hopefully reduce the body's metabolic demand, preventing his paralysis
Word is, Vergis has developed a MetaCognitive Processor
The device that I need is called a MetaCognitive Processor
The coronation happens at midnight at Nate archibald's party
Metaphorically speaking, of course
I know, but I think we really ought to go so we can come back for the lockdown
When Faraday returned to the island, he was explicit about his timetable
You have half of Boston in quarantined lockdown and you're worried about a pair of charred twins?
When it is built, the queen will ride in it to her coronation
A, Steve has guns Then there's the lockdown tomorrow night
Two tons of metal make a hell of a weapon
Brothers and sisters, we are on lockdown
Sorry, bro We're in lockdown
The Fullmetal Alchemist, Edward Elric
Fullmetal Alchemist
To think that someone with the title of Fullmetal Alchemist would be such a small child
As expected from Edward Elric, the Fullmetal Alchemist
Looks like you underestimated your opponent, Fullmetal
! That one is the Fullmetal Alchemist?
Ah, good work, Fullmetal Alchemist
By order of Fuhrer King Bradley, this document certifies that Edward Elric has been appointed to the post of state alchemist, and that he is hereby granted the title of Fullmetal
Fullmetal?
The Fullmetal Alchemist
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood Episode 3:
I see So that's what earned you the title Fullmetal Alchemist
Look at you, Fullmetal Alchemist, look at your legs
That's the way it is Right, Fullmetal?
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
The Fullmetal Alchemist, Edward Elric
Indeed, with this armor you're wearing, your second name would be Fullmetal, huh?
No two ways about it, that metamorphic reaction is alchemy
He's the Fullmetal Alchemist, Edward Elric
Now shoot the Fullmetal Alchemist with it
Fullmetal Alchemist, you went and did it, didn't you?
Next time on Hagane no Renkinjutsushi: Fullmetal Alchemist,
The Fullmetal boy interfered with our work here, but we ended up making good use of it
Yeah, and apparently, the Fullmetal pipsqueak is staying there, too
Fullmetal?
You are the Fullmetal Alchemist, Edward Elric, right?
However, Fullmetal Alchemist, you are the only one who is receiving judgment
Fullmetal Alchemist,
So, no other radiation this year, no metal plates, no chance you're pregnant
Next time, Fullmetal Alchemist:
People who have patents on anthrax vaccines
We believe he's taken the full dosage of anthrax vaccines over the recommended 18month schedule and had yearly boosters
Metaphorical leap
Metaphorical leap!
It's you It's a metaphor
The balls of steel thing is just metaphorical?
The Fullmetal boy found out about Marcoh's data
3 weeks ago, he secretly took some of the frozen vaccine
But the leaked vaccine was modified Btype No 9
Oh, my What is the Fullmetal pipsqueak doing here?
[METALLIC SOUND]
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Ah, you there, is this where the Fullmetal Alchemist's room is?
BOTH: Fullmetal Alchemist, sir!
It will feel like 5 pounds of metal that hurts and pinches
Do your chores, unplug your Metal
it's a metaphor
Zoom and enhance,Eric
I need four Bunsen burners eight metal bowls, yay big, and a freezer
It seems both Fullmetal's younger brother and their teacher are worthy candidates for human sacrifice
Oh Selim, you'll never guess who I ran into down south The Fullmetal Alchemist!
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Next time, Fullmetal Alchemist:
Well hello, Fullmetal
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
But you better know a way out of here, metal boy Oooh!
Hey there Fullmetal
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Look at you with the sports metaphors
Don't vaccinate it
Hey there Fullmetal
What? Is that the Fullmetal kid?
Y'know what? You should ask that Alphonse kid He's also just a soul glued to metal
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Given the amount of serum that we found in his tissue and the rate at which it would have metabolized I suspect that he had to inject it every day for a very long time
Interesting, I hadn't seen the Iraq metaphor
What Iraq metaphor?
Here's their new single, Zooming Gears!
I'd rather not live my life as sheet metal Ah! What the?
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
Croatoan pandemic reaches Australia 
I mean, could you date someone who doesn't love giving vaccinations?
I've never dated anyone who loves giving vaccinations
Yeah, that's cool I got to zoom out, too, 'cause I have some people coming over
Okay, bad metaphor
Fullmetal, watch yourself
I picked up some information from Chief Fullmetal
This isn't like you, Fullmetal
By the way, Fullmetal, you did hear about Scar, right?
Next time on Hagane no Renkinjutsushi: Fullmetal Alchemist,
On retrograde coronary sinus perfusion, right?
Okay, let's get into the left coronary tree
The coronary artery is attached to the pulmonary artery not the aorta
All right, the bleeding's behind the coronary
But Altman did let me do the coronary artery anastomosis
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
But if you think of grandsons as metaphors for friendship, you'll agree with this Transformer here that it's time for ours to become a man by reading from the Torah
Can you zoom it?
We have a girl in custody in Sector 8 who appears to be a friend of the Fullmetal Alchemist
Repeat, Sector 8 We have a girl in custody who appears to be a friend of the Fullmetal Alchemist
Oh! Hello there, Fullmetal Alchemist
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
How are ya, Fullmetal Pipsqueak?
Fullmetal Alchemist Damn it! I told you before!
Well, Fullmetal, it looks like we've landed ourselves in the pit of hell
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Zoom, zoom, zoom
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
I would've done your song for free Smooth move, Metamucil
After the past seven months, I'm vaccinated
Lockdown!
Yes, we all wear metaphorical masks to hide our true selves in an impersonal modern society
Put everything you've got into it, human Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
Hide the women and precious metal!
Fullmetal Alchemist
That small one is the Fullmetal Alchemist
Next time, Fullmetal Alchemist:
You're the father of her kids Let's use this hot dog as a metaphor
There's nothing you need to know that I haven't already told you Is that clear, Fullmetal Alchemist?
And all that's left is a loathsome memory Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
Dante This is Jeff from metal life magazine
Cross over Is that what I do, Jeff from metal life?
What, again with the classic toilet door metaphors?
Luckily, I've got really a fast metabolism, so
He's from the Ukraine, you see
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
I got my first job when I was nine Worked at a sheet metal factory
That's a fairly labored metaphor, but I appreciate the sentiment behind it
It's a crosssection of metal
What kind of metal?
Yeah, it's metal
Zoom in
Can you zoom in right there?
These MRI machines have magnets that rip the metal out of the patients and I have that tracking chip implanted in my neck
No, but we seem to be under lockdown here, so I'm willing to lower the bar
You know what, zoom into that tractor seat Go ahead
Make sure you zoom in on her reaction
Wait, I do have zoom
Zoom out, eric
I, like, told you that the branches are a metaphor for the cardiovascular system
I like to think of it as a metaphor for our relationship, because it's delicious, but not really so healthy
Yeah I mean, I can draw you a diagram if you like, it's like a fucking swine flu pandemic
[OLIVIER] Enter Fullmetal Alchemist
Next time, on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
This inability to talk without using Lord of the Rings metaphors is one of the very many reasons that we could never be friends
Temples aren't made of metal Case closed 
Back to work, Fullmetal
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Eight constitutes a lockdown
It's a fucking lockdown
This is a lockdown, right?
A man like this isn't gonna stick to any timetable
Jeff was from Full Metal Jacket, and the mustache guy was the brother of the guy in Entourage
Wait, did you say the Elric Brothers? You mean the Fullmetal Alchemist?
Nice to meet you I've heard much about the Fullmetal Alchemist
General Armstrong's on our side now, Fullmetal [Ed and Al breathe anxiously]
Fullmetal saw this coming So he made us this secret passage into the tunnel
Next time, on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
[METAL CLANKING] It's so light
We were given specific instructions and orders to only release the Fullmetal Alchemist
Next time, on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
What's going on in there, Fullmetal?
Next time, on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Toto's yearly vaccination is two days overdue
[Garfield] It's metal, duh!
Everyone knows robots can't see through metal
Can you zoom in there?
He's in Ukraine now, and it seems like he'll move to Hungary soon
Hachioji intersection, 09120249#
Im Il Yong and Ahn Jae Bum They're in Ukraine, right? Yes
Yes, yes, metaphorically speaking
On a scale of zero to 10, zero meaning impossibility 10 meaning complete metaphysical certitude what are the chances the Russians will actually attack the United States?
Coronary!
I've got this yellow bastard in lockdown
I have found He helped to create a metal alloy as strong, that practically you can bear anything
Man and machine, attacked each other, with fire and metal
Deshaun boosted this metal briefcase from some guy outside of Starbucks
After 90 days, the on board computer is still maintaining the passengers' metabolism at the level of a hibernating frog
[METAL SLICING]
[METAL CLANKS]
I'm gonna give you a vaccine against viral infection from Melvaran mud fleas What for?
A reaction to the vaccine, damn it!
of a severe reaction to a vaccine Bones, please
A curious metaphor, Doctor, as a stallion must first be broken before it can reach its potential
Miles of Metal against stone Or the wind
I don't understand fishing metaphors
And without further ado our town's hero and my metaphorical son Flint Lockwood
Dad, you know I don't understand fishing metapho
Now, look, when I take this thing off and you hear me make a fishing metaphor just know that fishing metaphor means:
They were spun with dark magic as much as with metal
Metal That might be nice
It'll grow into the metal Make it stronger
It'll grow into the metal, strengthens it as it matures
Justice is a noncorrosive metal
But metals can be melted by the heat of revange
It's the very same metal used to defeat
Rather think of it like metal slicing through a herd of buffalo
We've always been lucky here The metal graveyard's a fucking treasure chest
Lockdown in effect
You're in a state of lockdown
Yeah, it's real metal
So the dispatcher do anything to screw the job up, they're wiping out his whole family back at the Ukraine
But four years of lockdown, I wouldn't bet on him
In your case, so much time passed the metastasis not only spread from the prostate to the bones, but also to the liver
Those are the limited edition gunmetal Nike Dunks
How are you on train timetables?
Well, I hope you're not lying to Metal Beak!
Soren, do you really think Metal Beak is real?
But some say the evil king still lives and wears a metal mask to hide his missing beak
A metal fleck Metal fleck
Boron, Your Majesty, if I understand this correctly Metal Beak is not a myth he's building a slave army of moonblinked owlets and is planning to conquer the world with magical pellet debris
But the metal is strong
And I am Metal Beak!
Metal Beak Metal Beak
Metal Beak Metal Beak
Kludd? Metal Beak
Metal Beak says the strong will triumph the broken are put out of their misery
Metal Beak
'With a decent metal spoon and time on my hands, a few weeks' hard digging and I'd be free'
No, pins are just pointy metal things
He's alive! He's in the Ukraine!
Shall we split the Corona?
There's still some money left, even after vaccinating all the children
They still have that metal detector at your school?
Even with my metal plates and my fuckedup nerve endings,
A baboon banging metal trays on the hospital's bloody walls!
Answer me, you metal head!
Zoomzoomrobot
Zoomzoomrobot ls robot lsac Asimov's work?
Zoomzoomrobot
Zoomzoomrobot Hi!
Zoomzoomrobot ls robot lsac Asimov's work?
Zoomzoomrobot
Zoomzoomrobot
Can it understand this? Metal head! Titanium head
It was cancer, and she was being treated, we thought successfully, for breast cancer, and then six months later, it metastasized into her bones, and three weeks after that she was gone
It felt like some sort of rusted metal cage
Shut it Shut the metal Shut it
They're creating their own global pandemic
I got the metabolism of a 12yearold boy
Why are hers metal?
the embrace of sin, the individual achieves perfect metaphysical pitch and transforms himself into a tuning fork of God
Metal plate
You work in metal
The device that I need is called a MetaCognitive Processor
Can you zoom in closer?
Traffic control, I need route lockdown for northern exodus All units confirm
Someone in the Russian Syndicate smuggled nuclear fuel rods out of the Ukraine
After 9/11 , Homeland Security made every city have a lockdown plan
First thing you need to do is secure your key, take a metal file and go through and start taking those mountains and valleys all the way down to the lowest possible setting on the key
Now, because of your people's inability to maintain secrecy you break our agreed timetable to suit your needs
Do not move until they lockdown that shooter
And metadata Is that what it's called, metadata?
All right, send O'Brian and Ortiz to CΤU lockdown
We managed to clear a blockage in one of your coronary arteries, and the Xrays show the heart muscle tissue damage to be less than we expected
The vaccines are in the boxes
No one knows them An indie heavy metal group
We had a timetable
You're on lockdown till the Authority makes its ruling
But if you want to keep hiding behind a quarterton of metal, fine
Metal splints were made Worn worn day and night
Dr Logue will will be attending the Coronation
Everyone who climbs it today uses a metal ladder bolted to the rock by Chinese climbers in 1975
I am walking on metaphorical air
I thought the tea life making metaphore was good but that was exquisite
Refers to a creature that has a metamorphic ability to shift between being a man an a beast
We may have found a creature with metamorphic ability
I'm sure I'd remember something as exciting as human metamorphosis
Nothing to suggest a metamorphic ability
Slower metabolism, evolving blood types
Not the metaphor I'd use, but yes Yeah
Your dialmetaphor thing
Now zoom in, quick
I said, zoom in
Massive coronary
Thank you, Miss Bazoombas
Miss Bazoombas, Ted Lange
Scrap metal
Lockdown
One time he took metal samples from our unit for lab tests
Miguel and his wife are for me a metaphor of Chile
Listen for the loud, metallic, clanging sound
That bastard O'Phelan's had her and my Kerrianne under lockdown
I told him Change your routes, vary your timetables, stay alert for tails
Diabetics metabolize everything they consume differently Food, drinks, drugs
That is metallicy
Sadly, that's not a metaphor
Do you think I should get the HPV vaccine?
Yeah, and she said that she got the hpv vaccine and that I coulget it, too
It's all, like, metal
Your ears! Your earrings are made out of metal
Next time, on Fullmetal Alchemist:
Your metaphor's lost on me
This bike is a perfect metaphor The streamers are my tears!
Metaphorically speaking
Okay, little Grey has had the chickenpox vaccine
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
You're in a similar situation to OJ, if you don't mind me continuing the metaphor
Besides, I'm the only one Who's been vaccinated for botulism
that it can transform all metals into gold and restore youth to the elderly
And since gold is considered the perfect metal these beings are also sometimes called Aurelian
[HEINKEL] There's no point in trying to run, Fullmetal Alchemist
[MILES] Fullmetal!
[DARIUS] Hey, Fullmetal kid
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
The type she has means She metabolizes anesthetic drugs too fast
So he goes Full Metal Jacket on us? We're his family
And the Fullmetal Alchemist
Not if one is to be reborn Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
That and metal shavings were found under the fingernails of all five victims
As evidence found by DNA and metal fragments under their fingernails, but there's something else
Strangled, metal shavings under her nails
So what's the deal? Why isn't the Fullmetal pipsqueak with you?
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Metaphorically speaking, you know, 'cause you're stonewalling
Lockdown
You know, you pitch this whole dewyeyed bromance thing but truth is I'm on lockdown, aren't I?
Where she owns her own eclectic hard metal furniture shop
[Narrator] Fullmetal Alchemist [Darius] Thanks for everything you've done, Doc
[Darius] Hey, Fullmetal
Zoom
Well, if Niveus is really worried, they'd be giving the vaccine for free
Have you even seen the new vaccine?
But what we really need is vaccine
Just get us some vaccine
They want our vaccine They need our vaccine
[METALLIC CLINKING]
I smell the Fullmetal Alchemist's brother, the little armored boy! [AL GASPS]
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
Full metal jacket
And with your metal hand, too Hmph
Now, Fullmetal Alchemist, if you would be so kind as to come with me
[PRIDE] Now then I've captured your friend, Fullmetal
[GLUTTONY] I smell you Fullmetal Alchemist
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
I see something like this, and I have to make the math work out, and you're not getting paid for that amount of reclaimed metal
Well, there's, um, nonmetal components that get stripped off
Everything is on that band Apotheosis, our timetables, information on our agents, on us
I can hear you metabolizing oxygen and expelling carbon dioxide
No, no, it's just, you know, autofocus, shutter speed, zoom
Next time, Fullmetal Alchemist:
Uh, out in metairie
Then I'm gonna go pick up a suit Down at Dillard's over in metairie,
It speaks to the present situation only as metaphor
It metastasised
We got there, there was so much blood, you could taste the metal
Yes, and it's not normally like that It only happens when our bodies metabolize adrenaline
Well, the tissue would've partially metabolized the adrenaline
Full metal jacket
Ship's on full lockdown, son
They want our vaccine They need our vaccine
Sir Great news The vaccine trials
Niveus Pharmaceuticals rushing delivery of its new swine flu vaccine to, quote, 'Stem the tide of the unprecedented outbreak'
Not for giggles That was step one Step two is vaccine
That vaccine is chockfull of gradeA, farmfresh Croatoan virus
But moving them around keeping them on lockdown
I mean, you do have them on lockdown, right?
Your brother was a danger to us all, so I handcuffed him on a roof, hooked him to a piece of metal
I'll tell you what we get back, you can strip that van down to the bare metal Come on, let's go!
Imagine you were pushing me in this big hunk of metal down the field at full speed
That car was a metaphor for everything that was wrong with my life, my fear of change
Which is why I erased all the security footage of Lois crumpling a metal door with her hand and throwing a security guard across a warehouse
Stop griping Now get in there, and remember, eat everything in the safe, especially the little metal box
So full And I still have to eat the metal box
(METAL CLAN KS) Is that you, Big Throat?
Nice, shiny metal ass, Hermes
Let's exhumeazoomzoom
And you, metal guy, lie down
He's doing a coronaryis he interviewing for my job?
Be creative in using metaphors Oh, I'm terrible with metaphors
But, uh, we're gonna put some small metal plates in,
Limited zoom on those cameras, so I had to do some serious enhancement
This trial involves placing experimental chemotherapy wafers into the brain after the removal of a metastatic tumor
[fighting sounds] Maybe I could lend you a hand Fullmetal?
So, we've got the Fullmetal Alchemist and the Flame Alchemist And there's even Scar
You can't create a vaccine
is the pedal to the metal?
Oh, wow A coronation already?
Ah, Fullmetal I'll be taking that
Next time, on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Handcuffs, like anything metal, are vulnerable to metal fatigue
Chemicals like sodium metal will burn when they come into contact with the moisture in the air, which makes them ideal triggers for particularly nasty booby traps
Wrap a metal chain around two power lines, and you complete a very powerful electrical circuit
I reinforced it with a half an inch of metal siding
Add some metal shavings and the right cleaning supplies, and you can serve up a bomb that will blast through a cinderblock wall
I don't understand Is this you being meta?
A meta film
This is totally meta
Let's get back to our nonmeta production, shall we?
It's meta now
Zoom in
Lockdown Abed, seal the doors
Being body scanned at an airport metal detector
In both cases, the device was fashioned from a metal canister, densely packed with hydrazine nitrate explosive and a simple remotetriggered circuit
Lockdown Nobody moves in or out Yeah
We're on lockdown What?
Lockdown?
Can you sign for it? Lockdown
Department policy is a lockdown
We're in lockdown
That's not what lockdown means
We're on lockdown, moving kids,
Are you lost, Fullmetal?
Next time, on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
What if she has a ceramic knife in there that can go through the metal detector?
And in the debris, they found all these scorched metal rims for about a dozen shipping drums and all this residue that their forensics guy identified as Ephedrine
Now zoom in
Zooming in on camera B
And those giant cities were often described as being made of gleaming metal and iron
The VymaanikaShaastra goes into metals that are used in these craft
Mercury is metal
It might have been some other liquid metal
Then, out of the glory of God, came this being in these bright clothes that looked like metal, and told Ezekiel, All right, man, we brought you here
What are the unique properties of this precious metal that might make it important and worth traveling through the galaxy for?
The only metal that really lasts is gold Gold is indestructible
If humans weren't doing that mining a hundred thousand years ago, and making metals, then we would have to assume it would be extraterrestrials doing it
Sagan estimated that the metallic disc could survive in space for at least a billion years
I'm walking on the Foster Ranch between Corona and Roswell, New Mexico, not far from what is called the debris field right over that hill
The most disturbing aspect ofthis investigation was that there were other bodies found not far from landing zone one, the Mac Brazel site between Corona and Roswell that looked as ifthey had been dissected as you would a frog
This was a landed metallic craft that some ofthe witnesses claimed they got, uh, so close to, they could actually touch the side of it
In the real world, you have bodies made of metal and plastic, your brains are encoded on wafers of silicone
That was a metaphor? I thought it was
I think I can intercept it in the Ukraine
All right, so this UnSub accelerated his timetable and his MO
Metal walls It must be the secondary location where he takes the victims
No! Fullmetal!
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
Everyone remember to vote before the coronation
[ROY] Fullmetal?
[ROY] Fullmetal I don't know how you can expect to see my condition when it's this dark in here
[ROY] Fullmetal
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist:
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
I think we hit the fire alarm, slip past the metal detectors in the confusion, grab a guard to get into the computer room, and then, boom, one body to dump
New metal alloys are stronger and more resistant than ever to drills, saws, and even explosive compounds
Make sure you don't shoot Fullmetal by mistake!
[BRIGGS SOLDIER 6] Hey, Fullmetal Are you okay?
[ROY] Fullmetal!
Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Here, I can zoom in
Fullmetal, too
A fullmetal heart
Well, it's definitely metal of some sort
Metal shavings, rust and a cleanser that's used exclusively on marine craft
I was speaking morea metaphor
Their vessel, the Global Seeker, is purportedly in the Mediterranean, exploring the ocean floor for polymetallic nodules
Any metal object of his would do
Metal objects belonging to a person, dead or alive, contain energy that helps transfer information from that person
Okay All her vaccinations uptodate?
I meant that metaphorically
Metastasis, which in and of itself, doesn't necessarily mean that the cancer's getting worse
Zoom in
Everything at my place is metal and sharp No, it isn't
It tasted like metal
And given the timetable, he's gonna strike again soon
Get him out of the 65 before the whole damn neighborhood shows up to coronate him
Not really the metaphysical brother, you know
And cyanide is used to strip and clean metal, so she had access to it
In one of them she appears to be in a restaurant, so I zoomed in on the sign that says, 'O' apostrophe 'S, '
Hypotension, sinus tach, and metabolic acidosis?
That he does have a tear in one of his coronary arteries
I am trying to do a coronary graft
She's from the Ukraine, Lois! She doesn't speak English!
She's from the other part of the Ukraine! It's a different dialect!
Three! Did you know where the Ukraine was 'cause of my globe?
Are we dealing with metaphors or are we dealing with hard evidence?
But what was unique about the presents or gifts given to Father Crespi was that they often took the forms of elaboratelycarved artifacts some made of gold or other precious metals
It's metallic tablet
Jaramillo told Hall he wandered through chamber after chamber of ancient relics, including a vast room of books made from gold and other metals books with unrecognizable writing possibly like that on one of the metal tablets in Father Crespi's
Stanley Hall himself died in 2008 before he was able to renew his search for the socalled metal library
If so, were the strange writings inscribed on Father Crespi's metal tablets actual messages from an alien world?
However, I think the way they might have been reported would've been in metaphors, in ways that would have made sense to them
My question is, do something like this exists, or is a metal ramp misunderstood?
My question is, do something like this exists, or is a metal ramp misunderstood? But it gets even more interesting
Or might the ark have been a metaphor for an equipment transport more advanced and aliens?
Diving deep below the searing clouds, pressure builds until the pressure of gravity is so great, hydrogen gases transform into a weird liquid metal
There's no blood clot in his coronary arteries
In case of an inactivated vaccine,
While live vaccine, live microorganisms are used in the vaccine
It clearly says that she shouldn't get flu shots or similar vaccines
BA, you'll need a piece of contoured metal to make a skid plate
Quick! Grab something metal !
Zoom in Zoom, zoom, zoom
zoom in There he is Will Colson
The benefits of chelation, every toxic metal is removed
We've achieved complete remission in patients with advanced metastatic cancer,
Stronger and lighter than any metal
Zoom in
Then they sent their machines, huge machines made of metal
It's two minutes ago, before lockdown
We are on security lockdown
Back that up and zoom in
The real work, will be your metamorphosis into her evil twin
Give me some of the Jack Yeah It's like a metaphor for your approval
How they're punched out of sheet metal
I was minted in the year 1980 I've been punched from sheet metal
How they're punched out of sheet metal and how they're rimmed and beveled
I've been punched from sheet metal
I'm going to have to reopen it There's still metal in there
How can a piece of metal mean so much to you?
The Eagle is not a piece of metal
It's a metaphor
I know it's a metaphor
Ukraine
We're running out of time! It's on lockdown, I'm trying to bypass
The whole selfaware, postmodern meta shit
Metal fillings, eh?
I feel their guns moving in the water, their metal targeting us
Mine's metal
John Wells, known as Metal
It's almost done, Lord Shen, but we've run out of metal
Get all the metal you can find!
Grab the metal!
Lord Shen has created a weapon, one that breathes fire and spits metal
You stole all my metal pots for Lord Shen!
Feds have the block on lockdown
This is a short timetable, Kenneth
We tried desperately to pry him loose with our hands since metal tools might spark
I have a high metabolism
I'm gonna go back in there and get coronated
Now, you are all on lockdown till you finish writing our songs for Nationals
I'm in a cell in the lockdown wing of a hospital
He doesn't He doesn't remember anything because he's going through this sort of metamorphosis
will include your love of hair metal
You can't bend metal in here
It's a metaphor
That guy can bite my shiny metal clamps
I spy with my little eye a nonferrous metal
Regardless, coronary problems are eminently treatable
An inept metaphor?
I don't work in metaphors
The organometals in the serum must've reacted with the phosphates in the milk
Back in '97, claims he was close to a vaccine for the avian flu
She can create a legion, enough for my vaccine
We've been through most of the precious metals already, the gold, the platinum
Uh, it's a metal, durable
Walter, how is liquid nitrogen melting metal?
A metal dense enough to keep pilots safe from ground fire but still allow for flight
If her body isn't ready We have the timetable There will be no adjustments
I downloaded Zoom for you
Spotteda lush headed for lockdown
I'm gonna need a different metaphor to give this nineyearold
Yeah, Myspace, the blogosphere, MetaFilter
Metawho?
Damn your clumsy Christmas sex metaphors!
The ship's subfusion engines run on precious metals and crystalline minerals, so unless you can poop out gemencrusted gold, you're out of luck
The walls are metal
Remember Ukraine, '97
Guy looks like he's made out of scrap metal that's Carter
If you want to help, I need a few pounds of metallic sodium
If you have to capture one of them, you can assume they'll have a trick up their sleeve, like a concealed weapon, a covert escape route, or a metal floor grate rigged to electrocute any unwanted visitors
Abed, stop being meta
He's not being meta
He sure has a shiny metal bumbledyboop
I'm 40% scrap metal
Go, you big metal bird
Nothing metallic
They're heavy, like metal or something There's like a billion of them!
Hank wants to close his eyes and wake up in his own bed next to the love of his life listening to the sweet *** sound of her daughter's heavy metal guitar coming from the bedroom next
Give your father a massive coronary event
A coronary in a casserole dish
The worst thing about your coronation 
McGee, zoom in
There, zoom in
Colonial's on lockdown
Yeah, well, we'll take two Coronas
Metal saw
Metal eagle
She's gonna get a polyethylene and metallic prosthesis
You got your Hoyo Coronacion
They got us on lockdown
Lockdown?
Why are we in lockdown?
These are followed by metabolic acidosis
And annihilate those French barbarians with their lumbering metal cannon
Not with the optic zoom
So, if a tasty metalhead piece of clunge wandered into your life, you'd ask her out straight away
Cos she's a metalhead
What's a metalhead? What? This is
I like metal music
Using acting, I shall inhabit the role of the metalhead, and whilst I'm in character, you can practise chatting her up
If you don't like it, bring it back What, free metal?
You never give out free metal
Just like metal is to you
I'm metal!
Nick, I think you've taken that metaphor far enough, ja Aye aye, coach
Either way, his timetable's accelerating
Yes, I realize it's raining, but, come on, it's 2021
Wow, tha that's an evocative metaphor to use for your nonthreatening, totally patriotic emotions
The metal missed the spine, but the pericardium was lacerated and a coronary artery was crushed and thrombosed
Let's pencil that in for, say, 2023
Can you zoom in on those shooters?
That's a metaphor, I guess
Literally and metaphorically
Without it this is just a bunch of metal
Can you spare me some of those metanec things?
Skullion metal and coins, things like that
'Cause lockdown means that every member of the staff is logged and noted It'll give us a perfect alibi
Soldier: Let's go, everybody Lockdown
PA This site is now in lockdown
I repeat: This site is in immediate lockdown
It's a lockdown
I said it's lockdown, misswhat is it?
It's a lockdown We haven't got clearance Gotta stay at your desk
I told you you can't go out in a lockdown
You can remove toxic metals from the body by introducing competing chemicals that bind them up and make them inactive
And now whenever Stewie Griffin grows angry or outraged, a startling metamorphosis occurs
No, Father Let us not talk in metaphors
That's right, metal face, follow me to your doom 
If he keeps to his accelerated timetable, he'll strike tonight
It can also refine metal from ore for our use
Joining forces can break metal
I counted 23 metaphors in five pages Got to be a personal worst
Aah! Why isn't there a metal briefcase full of bearer bonds handcuffed to your drinking arm?
It's the only way to bypass the metal detector
[Metal scraping loudly]
Heavy metals
And it tasted like metal I think it was blood
It's like a perfect fucking metaphor for my entire fucking life
The coronation of the Lobster queen and her court of lovely Lobster maidens
Health officials have said that a vaccine is not yet available
No one knew about it not her parents, not that quack doctor of hers back in the Ukraine
I have a pain in the neck That's not a metaphor
Sounds very meta
They're all caused by some form of heavy metal poisoning
And something else, the levels of metal in their bodies have returned to normal
Director of Kaneseki Metals Manufacturing
Yashima worked at Kaneseki Metals for a while before getting fired
Yashima who had failed at his interview thinking that he was in that predicament because Kaneseki Metals had fired him
He had no intention to go job hunting lt appears he definitely had a grudge against Kaneseki Metals
In Ukraine, we say one prayer, we throw you on the ground and get drunk
You got nice eyes, Ukraine
In addition to your weight, it gives you your bone mass, your visceral weight, and your metabolic age
What's metabolic age?
Press three for your metabolic age
Based on current information, your metabolic age is 67 years old
Your metabolic age is 67 years old
Based on current information, your metabolic age is 37 years old
Well, it's metal
Standard army issue, only with a Mech metal shell
I know you're a 43yearold woman presenting with advanced metastatic disease
Hey, I wonder if this stuff is gonna, you know, give you the ability to lift fallen trees or bend metal bars and stuff
But executioners are shrouded in secrecy, and the whole prison goes into lockdown
No, sir Prison goes into lockdown during an execution
Now we can either go west towards Brest and cross the border before we hit the city or we can go south towards Ukraine
How did you know I'd go to the Ukraine instead of back to Poland?
Yeah, could be worse though I could be home in Ukraine
It's that bad in the Ukraine?
Ah, Ukraine is fine I miss my family but opportunitywise, America kicks ass
From Ukrainewith love
Until we find Mercer, you and your mom are on 24/7 lockdown
Bos, can you zoom in?
Last month, I made $2 million on Cahill Metal in one hour
Those are some really vague metaphors for a guy as direct as you
Dead celebutante, heavymetal drummer
Are we gonna talk in metaphor for the rest of the round,sir?
When implanted under the flesh,microchips can leave behind metal hydride corrosion
You gonna give me another speech about patience,maybe throw in a golf metaphor?
On the table, next to the nametags
Metaphorically speaking, of course
Louis, unless that's a metaphor, the deal's off
Don't work too hard, Ukraine, 'cause when I come back to get you, it's time to start your Andrea shift
I cannot go home to Ukraine
Chibs told me to come back We're on lockdown
Meanwhile, we got the place on lockdown, we got an entry team ready to roll, snipers in position, ready to line up a shot
Two, S as in Slayer, M as in Metallica,
Your lettering system is heavy metal bands and you're giving me a root vegetable for P?
I had a metallica poster just like this You might win the bet
Zoom in on the blue sedan coming up on the SUV
Nah I'm in lockdown in the chapel
Eric, zoom in
And when I tried to return it, the cashier, Rhonda, whose nametag said she was happy to help, but who was neither happy nor helpful, said that I couldn't return it because it had already touched my teef
All right, zoom in on that
There were all these metal objects gathered in a pile on the floor like it was collecting
Agent Dunham, go to another room the bathroom, say, find anything metal so they can test whether those metal objects have become magnetized
Every time he astral projected he would create a distortion in the magnetic field and attract metal objects to him
Look around There's no metal anywhere
Any time I have any kind of anxiety, I send metal flying
I take a girl for something to eat I say something stupid I see she saw I said something stupid suddenly all the metal fillings are being pulled out of her mouth
That's a powerful metaphor
Stan, I think we should get Hayley and Bailey vaccinated
My last wish is to wear metal armor
If caught, it'll be an accomplishment that merits a suit of metal armor
not good enough for metal
So what? I'd prefer metal armor
When boiling oil is poured onto the bamboo, it doesn't break easily against metal
Tata, everyone knows that you've always hated paper armor and wished for a suit of metal armor
Abbs, zoom in right here
MMetal!
It's a metal one! A Metal Oopa!
I think I lost my Metal Oopa, so I'm going to look for it
I can't find my Metal Oopa
Metal Oopas go for over ¥10,000 in online auctions!
Unvaccinated animal!
I told you I got this I don't work on your timetable, you work on mine, you understand?
I have nametag for you
Only your second day and look, nametag already
I have your new and correct nametag
I will just put correct nametag here on counter
Lives out in Corona
We interrupt your death metal to bring you some heavy news
In his journal, Maak wrote of several large and mysterious metallic objects that the local hunters referred to as
The existence of the metal structures was confirmed on three separate occasions between 1933 and 1947 by Mikhail Koretsky of
In search of answers, UFO researcher Ivan Mackerle and a team of scientists traveled to the Valley of Death to try and locate the strange metal objects
MACKERLE: it sounded metallic and hollow, so we thought that we found the sunken cauldrons
According to local Yakutia legends, the metal cauldrons were part of a powerful weapon left behind after a great battle between extraterrestrial beings
That's only a vaccination girls, stupid
Why are they saying that getting vaccinated in school is gonna make us all retarded?
Because some people think vaccinations can give you autism or Asperger's
And so, children, at noon today, all the girls will go to the gymnasium for their vaccinations and boys will head on out to recess
Did we vaccinate Stan Marsh for the flu last year?
The first documented case of a child developing Asperger's syndrome from school vaccination has put the government in a tight spot
Putting an end, to mandated school vaccinations
It is yet unknown if any other children have contracted the Asperger's from the vaccinations
What are you talking about? I got vaccinated from this school, and I clearly have ass burgers
No, well, I created a vaccine out of an inactive virus, so you shouldn't exhibit any symptoms
Ferrous metals
He'll smash in your metal skull with giant swinging logs
What's the vaccine you could take to avoid a hurricane?
All right Do you have any artificial metal implants?
Zoom in on that
And then she does It's a metaphor Bro!
What's metaphorical about a musical called
Zoom in there
You gotta dangle the carrot, literally and metaphorically
Your new lockdown protocols No exceptions You said it yourself
Terra Nova wouldn't be on lockdown if they were just our friendly neighbors
Yeah, Terra Nova's on lockdown
Or use a metal surface
It's bad, but the good news is, this variant is only spread by touch and it's too virulent to cause a pandemic
Wooden or metal?
Well, he'd had it specially commissioned from a rare metal
So that's another possible explanation for why the core survived, because it was made of metal and didn't suffer quite the same vaporization as the outer rocky shell did
As the cometary fragments struck Jupiter itself, much smaller debris passed through its rings tilting and twisting them into the ripples that we still see today
New evidence suggests the Late Heavy Bombardment delivered precious metals to the surface of the Earth:
So for example, if you have a boat zooming along, it creates a wave, a compression in front of it that then bends around as the boat moves through
By following the motions of a juggler, astronomer Greg Laughlin can help visualize why cometary orbits are so vulnerable to the effects of a passing star like Nemesis
I came out here today to the drive tech racing school to be in a race car that would go zooming around this track a bunch of times
This is Greenland, a territory of Denmark, now known to be rich in oil and precious metals
On the lake, I'll guide you in, down to the right, down, zoom in
Luckily I developed an equation using outside stimuli and my own accelerated metabolism to predict how long I can go without closing my eyes before I turn into Zabby or ZombiAbby and, according to my calculations,
Zoom in
A huge amount of energy goes pouring out explosively, and a bunch of energetic charged particles go zooming through the solar system
The four planets in the inner part of the Solar System are made of rock and metal and the four planets in the outter part of the Solar System are these giant balls of gas
But about 5 million miles out lies the rock line, where it's cool enough for metals and minerals to turn solid
Just metals, and rocks and things like that
Zoom in on that
[Laughing] I'm saying you not listening to me is like metaphorically cutting the brake lines on your ownlook, kings of Leon!
We got two other key members in lockdown
Cap with a lot of metal and stuff on it
Yeah, so I went back and I checked all the other bullets we retrieved, and they've all got the same number, handetched in the metal
You know, the last delicious sip of a milkshake at the bottom of the metal milkshakey thing?
Duke University engineering professor David RSmith is the director of the centre for metamaterial and integrated plasmatics
Smith and his team have been working to create metamaterials or artificial materials that are not found in nature
This is actually an example of a metamaterial
But ancient astronaut theorists believe this Greek myth is actually a metaphor for an extraterrestrial event
In Greek legend, the Telchines were also metallurgists
They were actually ancient rigs who had specific tasks and traits like metallurgy, like smithing and so on
No broken bottles or torn metal
The closest thing that you'll get to a medal is that metal in your mouth
And a loop in time without sadness will once again nomikomarete yuku kodoku no kansokusha a lonely observer Comment: 0,0:04:2701,0:04:3197,Title1B,0000,0000,0000,gradient @99f 0,{\pos(771,673)}Metaphysics Comment: 0,0:04:2701,0:04:3197,Title1B1,0000,0000,0000,gradient @99f 0,{\pos(998,720)}Necrosis
It's a metal
A metal Upa! Is it rare?
I don't know the overall effect, but if I get the metal Upa here, it diminishes the odds of any metal ending up in that folder
But now that it's no longer metal, that folder will burn in the airplane accident
The vaccine has successfully cultured and the first phase of clinical trials are finished
The latest version of the vaccine has successfully passed phase one
According to the medical record, it's metastatic bone tumor caused by the thoracic vertebrae number ten
Metastatic bone tumor on hold
The first vaccine injection result is very good
We will reexamine the vaccine and call you back
Could I know the composition of that vaccine?
Hypertrophy in the left ventricle, heart valve dysfunction, coronary artery disorder, and cardiac failure
But it causes problems, as the hereditary disease makes it difficult to create enzymes needed for metabolism
Stroke caused by cerebrovascular disorder, cardiac failure caused by cardiovascular disorder, and pantalgia caused by metabolic dysfunction
He lost too much blood, so he has disturbances in metabolism
We must revive his brain to experiment on it, so that we can make the vaccine
Maybe it is because of the vaccine that was injected in you
Maybe part of that vaccine can cause you to overreact
What do you want me to do? Collect scrap metal in my little red wagon? Yes
That's the rarest metal on Earth What you're holding there, that's all we've got
Your metabolism burns four times faster than the average person
All right, go downstairs and get a nametag from Rose
[metal clanks]
[metal clanks]
No, I haven't seen her [metal clanks]
Don't you know a woman's metabolism slows down after the age of 40?
And my metabolism is just fine, thank you very much
And then, with a mighty bellow, I flew into the giant metal creature and laid him low!
You can go play golf eat your dinners at 3:00 in the afternoon play with your grandkids, drink Metamucil, old people shit
Can you play Ride the Lightning by Metallica?
Metallica
Because if we get into this, we dig around, and we find out these CIA clowns have let this Treadstone mess metastasise into the rest of these programs?
Lockdown complete
Block's under lockdown Malfunction with their defense system
Throw that metal thing over there
Hammer on metal
We have this special little metal thingy that Griff gave us that we have to get on top of that rocket to prevent an alien invasion
You ready to get your ass off that big gray monster, get out to Coronado  get your hands dirty with the big boys?
Now zoom in
The whole place is on lockdown because of what happened out front
We have lockdown
Should I, uh, be running a metal detector over the throw pillow you gave me?
We would have put those pennies in a metal box The ushers would lock it in the office
Is it in the I don't know if you're zooming in on
No, I'm sorry, but I've got a timetable I can't just sit around and wait for this storm to pass
You can thank Rick for thatUsing rubber washers with a metal pipe
No, but you know what is? Physics Or metaphysics
Oh, are we speaking metaphorically, because
Well, if she's having a coronary reading about my history, then I can help her
I do think we have a timetable
Any metal objects, keys, mobile phones?
I never know if we're speaking metaphorically or not,
The ironcontaining oxygentransport metalloprotein
Since that boar killed his brother, every lord wants a coronation
Maybe if I eat enough I can induce a coronary
I am Vulcan, god of molten metal, of the artisans Ah
That's a metaphor here, by the way, guys
That demon gave up some serious state secrets would've gone into big lockdown now
With the very first dose, it starts to work on their DNA, slowing their metabolism, causing weight gain, and dampening their emotional range, which makes them perfectly complacent
I never step on cracks and sometimes I walk bacards, and everyone I see becomes a metaphor for the things that could stop me
I'm doing good in auto, metal and wood shop
Metal sparks in your face is how you get freckles
They can't pick up advanced choreography when they're weighed down by helmets and metal grinders
Maybe basic sheet metal work is just too much for your 12th place choir
The coronation of this year's queen properly, you know back in my office?
I gotta go over you with a metal detector
A complimentary bucket of Coronas? !
You already used that metaphor, fat face
Memphis Soul PostMetal Folk Festival? !
No! Leopards can't metabolize chocolate
Look, you don't get heavy metal beachwear
Not that metal shit either
I thought you were metal
Not sounding very metal again, Rich
Ms Long has your personalised exam timetables
That new virus that can not be prevented by smallpox vaccine
All vaccines are useless ago
We had the vaccine formula and antidote
Vaccine market will be much larger market antidote
We launched a cure, then the vaccine, and that money will come from
So we rely on the old vaccine, to try to improve the new vaccine
Why choose that vaccine virus is not difficult to create?
To create a cure and vaccine
Mark, the vaccine is being created
The pinwheel with the metallic qualities is spinning against the flow of air
You're supposed to be on lockdown
Do you have a zoom on that thing?
Hey, there's this extreme metal band playing over at Labyrinth's tonight
Let's go catch some decibels You cut me, I bleed metal
You sure you're ready, Mr Thrash Metal?
Plus it's a metaphor for the human condition
Look, if I could reach Cole, what's our timetable?
Houston PD still isn't sure, 'cause, you know, date rape drugs metabolize quickly, and he's keeping them for 12 hours
It's a springloaded device used to punch divots into metal
So Herman Scobie's into that numetal goth stuff
♪ Meta false friend
♪ Meta girl from Dearborn Early six o'clock this morn ♪ A cold fact
Look at the zoomy in If I drop an image of a dog next to it
You're giving me an actual noose along with the metaphorical one
It's the closest as I could get to locking her in a metal box
This is a metaphorical bomb right?
And as of now, your department's in lockdown
Almost 10% of heart attacks in men occur before the age of 45 Almost 80% from coronary heart disease
Facility on lockdown
Facility on lockdown
There you will find a small metallic sphere
One first class oneway ticket to Kiev, Ukraine leaving in less than two hours
Our records show that they've never had regular checkups or vaccines
It's metastasized to the brain
Whoomp doonk zoom
Many people do not realize that there are large modern pyramids in Russia and in the Ukraine
The timetable says you finish by 5:30 and you should be here at 5:45
It must have an incredibly fast metabolism
Mold, heavy metals, God knows what
Something metal right there
Reverend Newlin, you do know that we're on lockdown, don't you?
Shape shifter We're still on lockdown
Of course the one competent intern in the whole program just so happens to be pregnant and needs surgery for a coronary artery dissection
You're mixing your metaphors there, going from athletes to actors
The metal drum in the trunk
Okay, Jeffrey, now we're mixing metaphors here
(METAL CLANKS)
Britta, zoom in there There's a clock on the wall
Well, because now I understand what the creature craves to fuel its metamorphosis
Let's say that you're right and these things are using fat to power their metamorphosis into monsters
The place has been under lockdown
And there's only one way to get a vaccine
He's a criminal, called Goldblind, a metalsmith
Wow, that was a fucking metaphysical experience
He runs an aerospace company in the Ukraine and he takes his winters here on South Beach
I used to work in a sheet metal factory, but then a job came along at the tannery
I didn't want to give up my sheet metal job, so I tried to do both jobs and finish middle school
Metal band
It's a metaphor Oh
Speed Demon is a song that maybe people aren't as familiar with  on the album, but actually serves as a metaphor for the entire album
First one was to get him a girl and the second was to make him  a heavy metal kind of guy
Death metal?
They didn't have metal
MARKVANSTONE: They didn't have metal
They didn't have electricity didn't have metal
Without metal tools, the wheel or pack animals, the Maya built cities like Palenque across a or pack animals, the Maya built cities like Palenque across a vast region with incredible cities like Palenque across a vast region with incredible architectural precision
Guatemala, there is a national park featuring zoomorphs
park featuring zoomorphs Zoomorphs are these giant
Zoomorphs are these giant boulders that were carved into different shapes
So they made a secret and a kind of conspiracy around them, because the normal people should kind of conspiracy around them, because the normal people should give them offerings, should give because the normal people should give them offerings, should give them gold, metal, all kinds of
give them offerings, should give them gold, metal, all kinds of gifts, etc, as they did them gold, metal, all kinds of gifts, etc, as they did some centuries before for the
Thesnakeisthe giver of wisdom in so many COPPENS: Thesnakeisthe giver of wisdom in so many cultures, and it gives the tools giver of wisdom in so many cultures, and it gives the tools of civilizationworking with cultures, and it gives the tools of civilizationworking with metals, working with other
of civilizationworking with metals, working with other instruments, certain knowledge, metals, working with other instruments, certain knowledge, certain aspects of life instruments, certain knowledge, certain aspects of life
Heat can etch fingerprints into the metal
If we can perform a coronary artery bypass soon,
This airport seems, to me, like a metaphor
Her name's Genevieve, and she's developing a vaccine for
I take it to pump up my metabolism rate when I lift
Coronary arrest from asphyxiation
The sux was gone, but it decomposed into a metabolite called succinic acid, which I also found in Brandy's brain tissue
And the rancher reported finding what looked like, initially, foillike material that, when it was scooped up and collected, it had these strange properties, like memory metal
A metaphor?
Yes, I know what a metaphor is
Now, the next time someone comes to you with a problem, you just give them a metaphor
Any kind of metaphor? See?
Huh You find out the patient has advanced metastatic disease and is terminal
Is it a metabolic syndrome?
They provide medical aid to the Santa Maria mountain communitiesvaccinations, antibiotics
Webster found red metallic paint surrounding the laceration on Jason's skull
It burns through metal
Just make sure you're up on your hepatitis vaccinations
Continuing the lockdown and search
Next time you tell it, you were in your dad's car, which you stole to go to a Metallica concert, and you got to third base with that slut
Do you want to borrow my Sade tape? Guess what we found with our metal detector?
Another metal detector!
Like a small piece of metallic hope
With the right equipment, this natural hormone could be synthesized into a powerful metabolic drug
And was that a dig wrapped in a metaphor?
I think it was a dig wrapped in a metaphor
The metal bars that separate us are just temporary, Maggie
Ancient astronaut theorists believe the answer can be found at the Precious Metals Museum in
So if Hitchens took them, he didn't zoom in on Photoshop
If the creature known as Bigfoot really was created by aliens to mine precious metals thousands of years ago, why would it still be around today?
Can you zoom in on this?
It looks random, but it isn't He's working to a timetable
Shit went south with Galen, we're on lockdown
Such a big lump of metal fell on here
I need a nano metal circuit to focus the energy in the precise manner to dial in the return date
There'd be times she'd come, we be in emergency lockdown and everyone else would go back home
She'd wait Hour after hour, rain or shine, just in case lockdown got lifted
No, not that Rick, can you zoom in right here?
The lockdown system is DNA specific
Now, the compound's on lockdown
If it wasn't for the metal hip, it would've gone right through We would never have known
See if I can get a little close Zoom in
Jonathan says there's an encampment which trades metals
These guys have a very particular metabolism that requires them to warm up, eat a whole lot, and then they can chase down things, but only for a short distance
He never had the polio vaccine?
Wait Everyone born since the early 1960s got that vaccine
I wanna find out why he was never vaccinated
It's a cult That's why he doesn't have any vaccinations and that's why he doesn't have a family
A private party down at Metairie
In the Metairie?
'Cause Kermit said that you caught the flu and couldn't make that gig in Metairie
Some metal
I like metal
You said we were on a timetable
Lockdown
Oh, yes, and the railways, timetables, dates, numbers, anything like that, you know me, he comes alive
We've always said he's working to a timetable Gerald loves timetables
If the answer is metal, it's not exactly groundbreaking
Locking in, zooming
There was damage to the second metacarpal, but the first MCP joint was completely crushed, so Boise did an Xfix
Well, all we have to do is stop a largescale pandemic without letting anyone know we're looking for anything
You can if you're dead That shark thing was not a metaphor I'm the big dog now
It's a routine coronary bypass, offpump, beating heart surgery
Now we don't have all the best toys yet, but with our coronary catheterization process, and our 3D angiography Carm system
Readjust the camera a millimeter along the main coronary, please
Mr Reese, according to Maddy's timetable, we have less than two minutes to Nick Veldt's artery
It does present a curious curl in the metaphysics, doesn't it?
There was another lockdown at Virginia Tech, but it was a false alarm
For one, there were metal fragments in the charred remains suggestive of shattered projectiles
It turns out he's a member of the Koshka Brotherhood in the Ukraine, known for narcotics and human trafficking
but it just makes sense that your metabolism is grinding to a halt
Well, unfortunately, Charlotte's in lockdown at Dr Doom's sober house
Of all my metaphorical art projects, this is by far the coziest
Zoom in, Elpert
We'll have a Christmas Pandemic the likes of which we've never seen
Barney, I watched as Darlene cut everything good out of my life like a deranged surgeon hacking out organs, and that's not a metaphor
Fine 2024
Okay, there Zoom in
There's two kinds, there's metal and rubber
Any metaphor purely unintentional
Metatron
What does Metatron mean?
Greta, the tittletattle, prattled on about the little metal bottle
Are you by any chance wearing pants with a metallic zipper?
She was crushed by 2 tons of twisted metal That's a lot of trauma for the body
What are these metal latches?
Scrapmetal and recyclablesbut it's hard to sell it when you're stealing it
It's a metaphor
It can attract any metal object in a sevenmeter radius
Should be enough to weather this little this little lockdown
Which gets connected to the metal ground of the car sometimes covered in paint
Oh, that's just a little metal thingy
Zooming in
Grayson Global will be coronating a new king
[mechanical whirring] [metal clanging]
Use metallic zinc and sulphuric acid, stop Add'
(sawing) Yours are made of a stronger metal
Any girl but her You can't keep two girls on lockdown
You said that was the most baller metal
And zoom went the car!
Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia with joint laxity, leptodactylic type
Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia with joint laxity, leptodactylic type
Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia with joint laxity, leptodactylic type
As you can see, the organs have already have gone through cancer metastasis
Zoom in on his neck
How did you trust them to inject vaccine in your body?
Who will pledge their metal to mine?
A warrior may change his metal, but not his heart
Who will pledge their metal to mine?
A Jeddak I see you have changed your metal
Or to Rome for your coronation as Pope Pius?
Sticks on metal ain't music It ain't
Rita Coronado worked as a cleaning lady at the River Cross Plaza
They want me in a submerged, pressurised, metal container?
Coulson, initiate defensive lockdown in the detention section then get to the armoury
Fond of precious metals
How could I not know the Seal of Metatron?
You know I've got the Seal of Metatron
It's Corona
I need a piece of metal, about three inches wide
If you get me that piece of metal, I might be able to get you out of here
Let's say you're right How do we cut metal?
You expose a toothpastepolished piece of metal to sunlight
Zoom in
Lockdown procedure engaged Lockdown procedure engaged
You've got a scar where they put the metal plate in
Like, I don't really know if I want to be friends with him, and then he fucking showed up at my party, and now, we're stuck here with him in disaster lockdown, so
These decanters are replicas of metal flasks that were found on the battlefield in Jarnac
None of us could ignore that fifth guest's shrill metallic urgency
And the stuff's all covered in a sort of black, metallic dust
and a certain talent for combining biochemistry and metaphysics
Emergency lockdown initiated
Alert your crew, get your fire hoses ready and follow lockdown procedures
A cyber gray metallic ZR1 headed southbound on US 95
Stop Zoom in tighter Tighter
We are all prisoners in this hunk of metal
The metadata should contain a list of authors
Let's just fucking, you know [metal clanking]
We can penetrate the ass, put a baby hippo in the ass, we can vaccinate the ass, we can kick the ass, you can kiss me the ass, whatever you want, but this is an ass
These repeated walks became a kind of metaphor for my life
the buckets were riddled with bite marks dating back to last spring when our dog Tapioca got depressed and started eating metal
Tapioca stopped chewing metal buckets
The Western powers are building allmetal aircraft
Who cares? We need their allmetal airframe technology You're kidding
You think we'll never figure out allmetal construction on our own?
Wood and canvas could be as good as metal
A full metal duck
We're going to build an allmetal fighter like nothing the world's ever seen
I'll get my vaccinations Sign where?
Ah There is a rather thin metal which passes up through this chessman
You're getting one last walk in before lockdown, huh?
And you have to get home before lockdown
Oh, wow, it's later than I thought All right, it's time for lockdown
All right, Mr Cali is starting his lockdown
No, we should've had Webber on lockdown at the Cadi
It's an example It's a metaphor for everything
Metropolitan Precious Metals Company Shadwell
Metropolitan Metals checks both lists
Hard rock, hard metal
It's Coronation Day!
It's Coronation Day!
The metal thing The thing you squeeze?
You're full of colorful metaphors, aren't you, Saul?
Oh, nothing left but smoke and metal and bruised geek egos
The vaccine schedule is very important
The gays may have helped to spread it with their bloody anal passions but it originated in vaccines made from the blood of African monkeys
Then there's Chan Kwong stayed in a metal hospital in 2000 now lives in Yuen Long
It messes with your metabolism
Unless, of course, you're in a thunderstorm, and carrying a metal umbrella, but the point is we have to focus on the threat that's right in front of us
In my expert opinion, the dose was appropriate for the size and metabolism of the creature
Lockdown first, inform later
How long till lockdown?
Due to pandemic crisis, Bundang gates are being shut down
My point is, development of vaccine is the priority
Sir, during lockdown crisis in other countries last year, young people were spreading highly harmful rumors via smartphones and social media
Lockdown methods must be simple!
After the first ever lockdown of Bundang, human rights issues are being raised
The lockdown was carried out without any notification Seoul, Gwanghwamum Square
The lockdown was carried out without any notification
Poll shows only 35% approval rate for the lockdown of Bundang
If he has the antibody, we can make a vaccine
We may be able to produce a vaccine now
Bundang lockdown approval went from 35% to 96%!
A vaccine and the treatment are being developed, and Bundang citizens will be the first to receive them
This metamorphosis is becoming less rare
Appears to be able to liquefy certain metals spontaneously at a distance of up to 3 meters
Uh, we're kinda on lockdown
Every girl he takes is a candy bar, and hidden in amongst all of those candy bars is the one true intended victim, which, if we follow through on our metaphor, is your golden ticket
Piece of metal is all we got
A certain kind of metal, certain kind of pipe, certain kind of pipe coating, so we're checking all the construction sites that use that kind of pipe
I heard soon after that he'd left Ukraine and gone to Kunda
Adrian Packham, 60, massive coronary, 2001
I have written to my family in Burgundy, inviting them to London for the coronation
Oh, and after the Coronation, we must send your boys to live with their kinsmen
Sadie Hawkins is a metaphor for empowerment, and not just for women, but for everyone who is sick and tired of the status quo
♪ Metal under tension ♪
Either the kid took the gun home, in which case they won't be able to bring it back because of the new metal detectors, or the kid stashed it somewhere here at school
The metalworks
We've been here all day looking at these maps, moving satellites around in outer fucking space, and then he says, Wait, wait, the metalworks
And what went down at the metalworks, that's gonna take some time to sort out
Last night Right after lockdown
drug users has tripled, combination of marijuana, heroin and metholmetamine
But if I zoom in
Is that duct tape? Metallics are very in this season
There was a timetable here, Claire
They snatched me from this house, stripped me down, threw me on a metal slab and stuck metal probes inside of me
And I cut my hand on one of her metal jacket buttons
It was a struggle, but the girls are on lockdown
then out of your house, out of your town, out of the sky, like a golden light zooming and growing, out into, and even past, the universe
It's like a vaccine
It's the one they strip metal for Huh?
My body's 85% metal
Whenever you hit the road, you're stuck in a metal box
We'll get yellow fever vaccinations and malaria pills
Is it okay if I have metal on my cookie?
And a zoom lens
There's a break in the fourth metacarpal
I hope you like Norwegian black metal, because I don't do ear buds
I am speaking metaphorically, of course
I got this metallic taste in my mouth
Over a metal endoskeleton
Albert Einstein was very adept in putting himself into altered states of consciousness through what he called his thought experiments, which were a kind of threedimensional metaphorical reverie
We use lasers for everything from eye surgery to cutting metal
And maybe Einstein was able to access that knowledge, that he was more in tune with this what I would even refer to as a metaphysical world
Is it possible that Albert Einstein's practice of thought experiments allowed his genetically advanced brain to receive messages from a metaphysical realm, as ancient astronaut theorists believe?
The demon is some kind of messenger, some kind of bridge between him and the realm of the metaphysical that he is trying to attain
Built in the 12th Century, the temple's design is meant to represent Mount Meru, a mythical mountain that exists in the cosmos that the Hindu believed was the center of the metaphysical universe
He is to watch the coronation from behind a screen, as is the custom
It's her, Richard She's just in her coronation robes, that's all
And so we have given them a coronation worthy of the Lord himself
It is her coronation furs Elizabeth's!
We danced at her coronation We said that we loved her
While I believe I understand your subtle metaphor, what I don't understand is why you feel the need to tell me
Grossest metaphor ever
And the metaphor you chose was planting ficuses in your front yard?
This robot traveled up this small shaft which was too small for a human or any type of device to go through and all of the sudden it finds a closed door hinged by two little metal clamps
According to mainstream archaeologists, the door and metal handles were intentionally built as a symbolic passageway that the queen would travel through to the afterlife
What they found was copper fittings or the metal fittings
Another feature of the back of these metal fittings was that on one side the loop looked like it was corroded
'Please, God, I'll see you at my coronation, 'or else I shall never see you again'
A, you wildly underestimated my liver's ability to metabolize toxins!
And, you know, it's sort of metaphysical and odd
Obviously, it was breathing, it was eating, It was metabolizing,
I thought the metaphor was apt
I don't feel up to a fitting for the Prince's coronation just now
He's convinced Richard to set a date for Edward's coronation, three days from now
Anthony thinks you should go to the coronation and show you can work with Richard
Or Or she's not going, for there may not even be a coronation
He would very much like Prince Richard to join his older brother in preparation for his coronation
I have to get the coronation over with
I'm gonna cuff him with the metal of justice!
I say Ukraine, what do you think?
Let's have Mert's bachelor party in Ukraine
Yeah, a vaccine
So rather than being slated for destruction, the faulty vaccines were shipped as flu vaccines
Okay, so when Khan hacked the CDC, he mislabeled and shipped our faulty vaccines as flu shots
Given the generation time of Ebola and the population of the Metro area, the RO value of this particular pandemic model would be very high
We are officially in lockdown mode
[METAL GROANING] AUTOMATED VOICE: Pod three, four, five, six, flooded
Who the hell tries to run a crack pipe through a metal detector?
Cousin Patrick's like a coronary waiting to happen
It's a metaphor
Do they think that if they ring the bells for days on end, it will make his coronation less a sin?
Copy that, we have Cellblock D on lockdown
Liquefied the metal
He described it as a fire enfolding itself, and out of the fire was the color of amber, which is the Hebrew word which means polished specter of metal, which implies that it's metallic,
Florida, Bermuda and Puerto Rico plays host to numerous unexplained physical and metaphysical phenomena
I think I've got just the metaphorical ticket
No, sir, I think what Lefkowitz is saying is a metaphor
I carried her train at her coronation
It's meta Abed gets it
Metaphor Park is us
I think I can live without the details of your digestive timetable, thank you very much
Coronation Day she disappeared
Coronation Day?
That morning of the coronation, Olive had been working at Half Farthing Piggery
Olive Rix The day of the Coronation
Pa says they're asking about the Coronation
People still talk about the party they threw at Chinon Court for the workers during the Coronation, but before my time, though
It's a metaphor
It was a metaphor It was about Cece
If we took our chances and Donna did not get vaccinated, but she did have rabies
We got no wallet, we got no house keys, we don't even got an iPod to know if he listens to show tunes or speed metal
Something small and metallic
So, what if Dex and the sergeant were sniffing around the Junaghas' house for IEDs, and they fell into a cave that was full of jewels andand precious metals
Not metaphorical guns, real guns
We can't let 'em crush Cherry into scrap metal that'll be turned into wheelchairs for returning veterans!
Should I sell them to one of those places that collects scrap metal?
METAL
Till we figure out what happened, this whole crew's on lockdown
that a ship is still in lockdown, yet Petty Officer Graves never reported for duty
He got fluid in the lungs, atheroma of the coronary arteries, infarction of the myocardium
Perfect metaphor for married life
[growling] [whimpers] [snarls] [metal scraping] [children screaming] [growls] [shed crashes] [screams]
[metal slamming] Hello?
With a metallic click?
They've taken over Ops, instituted a lockdown
And so what if that was just a metaphor to suggest that the universe houses a whole bunch of different species, that the universe is teeming with life and we all belong to it?
Could it have been an outpost for a mining operation of precious metals?
If they know how to shortcircuit the lockdown, maybe 15 minutes
And also on assets in coin, note of hand draughts upon banking houses, promissory notes gold, silver, precious metals, and stones
Right now my attention is on this patient, who's headed for a metabolic collapse
The transformation that happens when our kids are locked in a moving metal box
CSU found these metal fragments, and they were able to trace it to a very specific device
A metal detector can't differentiate between a Smith  Wesson 45 and a steelsided floor polisher
Lockdown Secure the premises
Hand over the metal
In some of the ships, we also found advanced signs of metallurgy, smelting and different types of alloys that they were using
Stories and legends about Odin's enormous palace describe it as being almost metallic, with shimmering walls and a golden roof
Various descriptions of Valhalla give it the reference of being some type of a large metallic ship, but they actually bury their dead in the ships as well
So is this some type of reference of them actually trying to replicate sending their dead to the heavens or just like their gods would be returning to the heavens in some type of a large metallic ship?
Lockdown Castle!
Put us in lockdown
Hold up, I got to metaldetect you
Entry to their inner circle, granting me, among other things, intimate access to their timetable
Yeah, that woman has become a living metaphor of her own career
Oh, these lips are on lockdown
All right, on the swing set Angie, can you zoom in on that bird?
These bars are rough metal
You can't grind metal
The metal's lang on two major vessels
And you'll need me to irrigate the metal
(Metal clanking) Out of the way!
Like, um, an ortho metaphor?
Ms Thorne's been kind enough to throw in your mother's dormancy, and while security is acceptable for a typical Hamptons hobnob, it's sorely inadequate for a future presidential candidate, so we will be adding handheld metal detectors
Half their skeletons are metal Ay
So, the alien metal wasn't the explosive?
I'm reading alien metal, gamma radiation, the serum every known source of superpower thrown in a blender
If he's dead, this irradiated metabolic process will stop
This is why I don't like committing to a timetable
I became furious, and grabbed a metal bat
A metal bat Why did you take her with you when you ran away?
A metal bat? Well, this line says that he was very mad because she tore up his care diary
Since she lived with her mother, why would she have a metal bat?
ID'ing metal types and manufacturing marks, we can link the shrapnel removed from SECNAV Jarvis and others to devices that were used in the past
Uh, murder weapon is most likely a hardmetal object with an abraded edge, approximately 16 inches in diameter
And also on that metaphor
BDawg, remember, when your Ring is activated, your body has the metabolic consistency of rubber
When you click on this image, it should automatically zoom in
The location, the timetable
Traces of vaccines;
Freeze that Zoom in
Idioms, analogies, metaphors, and similes,
[grunts] [claws scrape metal]
From fire and water, metal, stone, and every living thing,
When it's not actually the metal silver
[Metal crashes, alarm stops] Where is he?
Metalsmith
He's due for vaccinations in a month
That was in that movie, full metal jacket?
It's solid metal, with a lock like a safe
There's no vaccine for dengue fever
And there haven't been any coronal mass ejections, so it shouldn't lose telemetry
No Your metabolism is pretty extraordinary
to have a metabolic rate half a normal person's
See wagon wheels and a metal gate
The Irish We're on lockdown
How long does this, uh, lockdown last? Ah
We're on lockdown
Smith, I happened to find something interesting when I zoomed in on the suck it photo you sent us
Why would you zoom in?
Metal
Oh, you have a bunch of metal toothpicks
In terms of the metaphor, I'm really
Sure, I've missed a couple vaccinations and meals, but you can't pin that hamster suicide on me
WHERE IT'S HIDDEN, OR WHICH PRECIOUS METALS
I'D LOVE TO COME BY AND MAYBE HELP ADMINISTER VACCINES?
Even scratching metal sounds
No Lockdown only happens if the attack's internal
Anything other than our equipment emits a radio frequency, room goes on lockdown
You can take us off lockdown, fellas
Initiate full facility lockdown
So from this point forward, we're on lockdown
Fine But before we go into lockdown
And you'll just be sitting there on your metal toilet, thinking of me swim, swim, swimming all day long
Whoa, that boat can really zoom
Other powerful angels passed on knowledge of metallurgy, weapons, astrology, science and even warfare
LARSON: A demon is metaphysical
So I step from the physical into the metaphysical
During the coronation ceremony the young monarch swears to uphold the laws of God and is anointed with sacred oil
So, until she comes back, we're folding Home Ec in with Metal Shop
Metal Shop?
You can build metal fingers
I want to transfer into Metal Shop Come in
She transferred to Metal Shop, because her home ec teacher was treating her like dayold bread
Which way is Metal Shop?
Really cool things with metal
I have something we can use metal
Ezekiel describes wheels within a wheel, and eyes of different animals, and they're all gleaming like bronze and metal
Rusty metal, rotting wood
Well she will take a look and say: You have an allergic rhinitis, will then prescribe me Oxymetazoline
So just prescribe me Oxymetazoline and I'm out of here
You have a very pronounced hypotrophy of the olfactory epithelium, caused, by the way, by Oxymetazoline
Gena, zoom in, will you?
Zoom in
We're meeting the hospital administrator about the vaccination programme
A conductive element used in gauges, electronics, and automobiles, mercury is a liquid metal that was discovered by archaeologists in an Egyptian tomb that dates back to 1500 BC
Like that Metaphorical
My metabolism's pumping I can't feel shit!
Zoom in
The name be Metal Beard
Metal Beard, I thought you said we were a lost cause!
And the metal one too All dudes
Benny and Metal Beard will sneak their way into the master control room
Metal Beard, that was awesome!
[metal clanking] [pants]
[metal clanks] [both grunting] [groans]
[siren blaring] [metal clicks] Oh, my
[cars zoom by]
[metal clanks] You guys all set? Yes
[metal clanks]
[metal clanks] [computer voice] Charging commencing Please wait
[groans] [metal clanks] There
[metal clanks] [ringing]
This whole FOB's on lockdown No calls, in or out
Bloody hell, it's the Full Metal
Yeah, minerals Metals
That's the Full Metal Bitch
It's a metaphor
Lockdown now in effect
Had a metal arm
The timetable has moved
lnitiate lockdown procedure immediately
Lockdown initiated
So the foundation is pure concrete and sand No metal
They told me you control metal
He has the power to control metal
You're telling me these mutants are out in the world and our best defence are these giant metal robots?
They're built out of a spaceage polymer, not an ounce of metal on them
Zoom in She was visiting a makeshift hospital
It's just a metaphor, dude
His people are completely literal Metaphors are gonna go over his head
Metaphor
So let's identify it Keep zooming in
On the verge Of a global pandemic
You're a pandemic carrier
I'm sorry, Doctor As you know The protocol requires a mandatory facility lockdown of 48 hours
A vaccine?
And becomes a pandemic
Pandemic?
The guy who created the vaccine
He's the key to the vaccine
Lockdown
What kind of a man betrays his fleshandblood brethren for alien metal?
Autobots, Lockdown is hunting us and humans are helping
We were wrong This metal caused the great extinction How and why, I can't yet say
Why don't you tell Itchy Fingers here that this is all the spoils of war Dead metal Innovation
Lockdown has Prime The deal's going down now Picking up the Seed at the recon point
Thousands of planets were cyberformed with Seeds They turned your organic life into our elemental metals
The blast wave will incinerate that city into molten metal
It's sucking up metal and dropping it!
Quickly! I'm setting off Lockdown's grenade!
Ukraine
There was metallic debris all over the desert
Anyway, the metal was like nothing on Earth
I was one of few who figured out how to harness the powers of this metal
And have you mastered the metal's mysterious melding power yet?
Metal, please
The Roswell space metal
We have all the space metal!
The space metal!
Stannum is Latin for tin, tin's a silver metal, and there's a tin mine in Stannum Valley
It was pressed metal, shot 762s, and it looked just like an AK47
[instrumental music] [metal clanking]
[wind howling] [metal clanking]
As long as you don't own a python and blast death metal at 4 AM we're gonna be best friends
Is it a soup metaphor?
Zoom in
What is the difference between an idea and a metaphor?
A metaphor of truth
Well, Dr Scott says she's close to testing a vaccine on the monkeys
[Click] So that's the vaccine?
These are vaccine prototypes
As you know, a small team entered Nicaragua to find primates for Dr Scott's test, which she hopes will be a vaccine against the virus
We are not waiting We're setting a course for home By the time we get there, we believe Dr Scott will have a vaccine, and our mission will be completed
You really think Dr Scott's close to having a vaccine? I'm not counting my chickens So[Scoffs]
[Whispers] I'm sorry I increased the concentration of her vaccine and gave her some epinephrine, though I can't say that I am altogether hopeful But you expected this could happen
I said that I was ready to test I did not say that I had the vaccine You brought tea
We just told everyone she's on the verge of having the vaccine
Any idea why the captain stopped the ship? The officers are just trying to figure out where to go to make the vaccine
He just about tore a hole in the hull evading the Russians because he didn't wanna share the ingredients for the vaccine
It is a biohazard area We know she's testing the vaccine on the monkeys Is it working or not?
You said you made some mistakes with the vaccine Excuse me? Before, when you were arguing with the captain, you said you made some mistakes with the vaccine
Her vaccine is failing, and the captain is covering it up
She's injecting them with the virus to see if her vaccine is working And when it doesn't, they die
Do you think that's why captain called for the lockdown?
A makeshift lab that was never meant to support production of a vaccine,
That lockdown?
We know she's dumping monkeys look, you're the one that told us she was nowhere close to finding a vaccine
She's dedicated her life to research on treatments and vaccines for malaria, ebola, and half a dozen other viruses
[Filtered voice] This must all seem incredibly foreign to you, so I'll do my best to explain without completely boring your socks off You see, the monkeys have been dying because right now, my vaccine is failing I'm sure you've all heard of the disease yellow fever
In 1937, there was a young doctor named Max Theiler who was testing a vaccine on mice
Theiler and his coworkers attempted the use of 99 different substrains of the virus in their vaccine
I can zoom it
See the two metal teeth?
We're leaving early tomorrow morning for a location scout in the Ukraine
Blood was spilled both literally and metaphorically by artist and audience alike
I can also add metal hooks to the inside if you like having your hands and feet tied to something
Metal and glass that's all
We'd encountered a metapsychotic
Which I had to explain to Marty what metapsychotic was
Have anything in heavy metal?
Oh, well, if you want me to cover the whole house with sheet metal, just say the word
When you shake his hand, the poison will be absorbed into his skin, where it metabolizes for a 12hour period
Can you zoom in on that?
Comm One, are you seeing this? Zoom in one that thing
Timetable?
VGlass, zoom
Moving on This business with the metalworks
You can control your own metabolism?
It was like it was made of liquid metal
It's a massive coronary event
It's a massive coronary event
The metal scraps we found in Fung Yusau's house in Fo Shan is the same material as the Eaves Swallows
We'll lockdown and then we'll eat after commencement
Make sure you lockdown everything
The Skipper and I know him from back when we were stationed in Coronado
Near Coronado!
The Capitol is still on lockdown, as HazMat crews continue a thorough sweep of the building
There's some swelling here on his metatarsophalangeal joint
You are one metaphysical fuck
(moaning loudly)  (metal clinking)
I'm trying to find the source of this city's metacriminal problem, and I need your help
There seem to be a whole lot of cases where metacriminals simply disappear around here
Speedsters, futuristic metavillains
There's a metahuman that is targeting members of that league And four of your Richie Rich friends have already been attacked
These bullets contain the metahuman cure, don't they?
If metahumans are threatening the public good, we need to be able to protect the people of this city
You didn't get the results you wanted in court, so now you're trying to figure out another way to eliminate metacriminals
Now you're gonna go out there and shoot up metas with the cure?
When it comes to metahuman affairs,
She's going after every meta with a record, and she's being smart about it
I tried to control her with metacuffs
A tapping sound almost like metal, clicking
A horse listen, Rupa said she heard a metallic tapping sound like a metronome, but she couldn't remember what it was
It's a big, green metal door
Well, the tracker would be expected to retain paint and metal residues transferred during its prolonged contact with the undersurface of Akers' vehicle
We have been looking other metahumans
As you yourself nMetahumans?
Gene therapies, vaccines medications, and more treasures
Their metahumans have been busy
April 25, 2024
Massive coronary
And the timetable still stands
L'viv, Ukraine
I'm from Ukraine
Early, compared with other kids in Ukraine
I walked up and down these stairs and started running and lifting some weights, just to compare this with Dota like some metaphor and stuff
Now, if you look at, let's say, casualties from mass pandemics, smallpox for one decimated 95 percent of the native population
This knife was made of metal from the dropship
The school's on lockdown till 3:00
These timetable changes don't work
Elon Musk Eric Schmidt
My hands are tingling I have this metal taste in my mouth
Not a literal hole like you would find in some babies with congenital diseases, but a metaphorical hole
Yeah, when it's cold, their metabolisms drop and they're not as hungry
I'm metabolizing the experience by composing a new piece of music
I mean, why mix metaphors? Ants don't have butts
When you let her believe that loving a boy somehow meant trusting her life in a 100yearold metal coffin
A MediAssist bot has 100% accuracy rating when administering a vaccine, but it cannot comfort a child who's afraid of the needle
The entire city of Boston is on lockdown as the manhunt continues
What details can you tell us about the lockdown in effect?
We've been in lockdown for 32 hours
And the best shot we have at a vaccine
We need a treatment to help the infected get better, and a vaccine to prevent anyone else from getting infected
They lack any form of energy or carbon metabolism
Get some more heads in the game, on finding a safe treatment and a vaccine
Can you zoom in on that quadrant?
Dr Edwards, before you resign and leave us all in tears, would you be kind enough to go to the sterilizer and pass me the metal device contained within?
Take it easy, Stan It's just a lameass puzzle metaphor
I was speaking metaphorically, of course
Carnival Metamorphosia
The Magical Place 100% premiumgrade Chitauri metal, as rare as it gets
Well, the Chitauri metal he was selling is an exact match to what Centipede used for their device
The CDC and the WHO wanted to sample the virus from the victims to create a vaccine
We are now at Phase Sixglobal pandemic
Does Dr Scott have what she needs to make a vaccine? She thinks so, ma'am
The virus has no treatment, no vaccine
You said you have what it takes to make the vaccine
IT WAS REALLY MORE OF A METAPHOR 
With an oral vaccine, of course
You have your earbuds and chess metaphors
First we administer the vaccine prototype, then we inject each of them with the virus
Going home with a vaccine
We have a vaccine
A vaccine
No supplies, no vaccine
No vaccine, no going home, no seeing your families Lieutenant Green, please don't take any more chances
Who else has been working on a vaccine?
If somebody had the primordial strain of the virus, the stuff you found in the ice, could they make a vaccine?
That missile was meant to stop you, to keep you from refueling and sneaking home with the vaccine in your pocket
We have no interest in keeping the vaccine to ourselves
Well, you said you were close to a breakthrough on the vaccine
During the hysteria of the outbreak, governments were pressuring their biologists to deliberately withhold vital information, research that could possibly contribute to a vaccine
Ruskov suggested he had someone or something on his ship to help him make a vaccine
Metastasis was always a possibility
Three cars were turned into flaming metal husks
Well, cooling pings from the sheet metal contracting
It might as well be the Middle Ages, except for the convenience of hitching a ride on a metal tube flying from meal to meal to meal
Heroism can't be measured by a piece of metal
He means metaphorically
The metal skeleton, you know, within the structure itself is useless, but then you put this black fabric hexagonalshaped thing on it, and what do you have?
And I like to think of it as a metaphor
Zoom in
Has she been around any heavy metals?
We've got the hospital on lockdown
I suppose I thought she could undergo a metamorphosis of her own
Dr Scott's gonna need some primates to test her vaccine
She doesn't have the vaccine, does she?
I have a vaccine prototype, and it's time to test
If they go over 41 degrees fahrenheit, we'll lose the primordial sample, the sample from the cruise ship, and the experimental vaccine
Well, Dr Scott says she's close to testing a vaccine on the monkeys
So that's the vaccine?
These are vaccine prototypes
As you know, a small team entered Nicaragua to find primates for Dr Scott's test, which she hopes will be a vaccine against the virus
By the time we get there, we believe Dr Scott will have a vaccine, and our mission will be completed
You really think Dr Scott's close to having a vaccine?
I did not say that I had the vaccine
We just told everyone she's on the verge of having the vaccine
The officers are just trying to figure out where to go to make the vaccine
He just about tore a hole in the hull evading the Russians because he didn't wanna share the ingredients for the vaccine
Sir, you need to lockdown the ship
The mistakes that I made with the vaccine are an entirely different matter
We know she's testing the vaccine on the monkeys
You said you made some mistakes with the vaccine
She's injecting them with the virus to see if her vaccine is working
That lockdown?
We know she's dumping monkeys look, you're the one that told us she was nowhere close to finding a vaccine
She's dedicated her life to research on treatments and vaccines for malaria, ebola, and half a dozen other viruses
You see, the monkeys have been dying because right now, my vaccine is failing
In 1937, there was a young doctor named Max Theiler who was testing a vaccine on mice
Theiler and his coworkers attempted the use of 99 different substrains of the virus in their vaccine
Now, tell me of Dr Scott's progress with the vaccine
Commander, United States Navy, serial number 4242022634
You'll have a vaccine?
I have the vaccine!
Are you saying you have the vaccine?
A vaccine that works?
From here on in, it's merely a case of massproducing the vaccine from my original formula
I already made the vaccine
I'm telling you, Admiral, her vaccine won't work
Now we test the vaccine
Once I have successfully tested the vaccine,
I don't wish to ruin the ending for you, but your vaccine will not work
But I still need to give him the second part of his vaccine
But if we leave the room and the vaccine test fails,
Let's just give Moto his drugs and be glad we dodged this giant metaphorical bullet
Uh, not without normalsize, nonmetaphorical bullets
Nonmetaph phorically speaking, Pam, we got it
Yes, Cyril, I do I bet those assault rifles shoot polio vaccine
I'm putting the Ark on lockdown!
With the lockdown, even if they find a way to isolate the lesser populated stations, people will die
Lift the lockdown and evacuate those stations
It's like a metaphorical murder
Zoom in on that
We jumpstart the project, crush the timetable from six months down to three
I'm thinking, uh, what if we maybe zoom in a little more?
The foundation of this belief is a layer of rock beneath the surface of the Earth which has an abundance of rare metals thought to be common in comets and asteroids called the KT Boundary
There is too much going on in whatever metaphor you're trying Okay?
It's due to pulses of electricity going through metal coils inside the machine
(SCRAPING) (METAL REVERBERATING) Could you lock the door?
You saw something sharp and metallic
Everything in here is metal!
Do you have any clue what it's like to work close to the metal?
She doesn't do metaphor
You guys are arguing over what metaphor to use to agree with each other
Stop! Zoom in
All nonessential personnel report to a safe room for lockdown
There's a large metal arm It's a
Law is a moving target, and with this worldwide pandemic thing the government's looking into ways to take advantage
I haven't been vaccinated yet
I got vaccinated that year, but then I still got the flu
This is how pandemics happen
Shouldn't take long to gather the troops though with the lockdown still in place
Lockdown?
Well, how, may I ask, is an embassywide lockdown helping that situation any?
We're on lockdown, ma'am
Lockdown was lifted
Number ten, recycle scrap metal
It's a vaccine
Back to the metal motel
It's about the miracle of metamorphosis Uh, Phil
Metamorphosis
Metamorphosis
As the lowly caterpillar becomes the majestic butterfly, as the tiny acorn becomes the mighty oak, so too do we complete our metamorphosis!
I can taste it, like metal
Me, too Metal
I feel that metal now in my mouth, like you were saying
I put the gap between the rich and the poor into a heavy metal sound
He's got some interesting ideas about metaphysical determinism, and I think he's a Doris Day fan
You want me to put the entire unit on lockdown
You can put your patients in pod 3, then you can institute whatever kind of lockdown makes your little heart sing
Hey, regardless of the resizing, half the design was metal
Guy comes in and presents something with metal paneling, and because of the dimensions, the heat sink won't fit
Yeah, well, then we use the drawdownlockdown
We're on our way to get our jock itch vaccination Glad to hear it
Lake where the pharaohs received their coronation, a giant scarab beetle stands watch, representing the Egyptian god Khepri
they say the mummification process also mimics insect metamorphosis itself
While most people associate metamorphosis with a caterpillar transforming into a butterfly beetles, like the scarab, undergo a complete metamorphosis as well
Ovid's Metamorphoses, there is a group of warriors known as the
No talking during lockdown
Any idea what ended the lockdown?
No, crappy camera couldn't zoom in on a room number
I remember that they have magnetic properties and the vault is metal
Develops medicines, vaccines
Can you zoom in?
If my mother finds out I'm gone, she'll put me on lockdown
(DISTANT CACKLING) (LAUGHTER) (METAL RATTLING) (PANTING)
Let's go, Gelding the LilyHe'd run so much faster without metal shoes
I have the metabolism of a d1 footballplaying frat boy
Infrastructure constructed to withstand pandemics even of this fubar magnitude
His coronary arteries have 95% blockage
I want a security lockdown on this floor
It's a connecter, a supporter, and sometimes, it's a metaphor for the love
Elon Musk, Larry Ellison, Antoinette Dodd, Michael
Elon Musk isn't interested
We won't have much time with him and I want to ask him, obviously, the extent to which they've been keeping metadata, how much the agency learns from this kind of information, and in what ways the FISA reports have provided
Why would you want to get with some douchebag, black metal, fucking dirt bomb?
I'm considering, because most of the bruising has a circular shape, that maybe he was hit with the end of a metal pipe
Metabolic system out of control, immune system attacking itself
his metabolism reverts to normal human, or, with manipulation of formula
Metal
There are shards of metal embedded in it
Looks like the bomber hid the explosives in some kind of metal case
Hmm, those are heavy metal
You're as much a part of what is happening here as the Sheriff and his metal knights!
Is Cuyp's work a metaphor, or just a cute picture of a cow and grass?
How is the water metaphorical, you're saying?
Water becomes a metaphor for feeling, for yearning, the sense of loss the depth of emotion that his subject is about
A metaphor is a literary thing that comes from the mind, but the painting is made powerful by what's actually in it
Something like this, the metal scraper that is scraped across a piece of wood and lowered, incrementally, but the process of scraping is very, um, the forces are quite, it's quite, um
I trained to be a chemist in Ukraine
Metaphorically speaking
Payn was running an operation out of Corona, the Tumbling Sixes
My weekly timetable
We've been searching for other metahumans like yourself
Metahumans And aside from Clyde Mardon, we haven't found any
Total metabolic failure brought on by acute hypoglycemia
We're gonna need to fashion you a diet based on your metabolic changes
Another notsofriendly metahuman
I could barely fight one metahuman, let alone six
She had a degenerative coronary disease
Fascinating, a metahuman that can manipulate poison gas
Except Iron Heights isn't exactly equipped to handle metahumans
A metahuman prison
Of course, we'll have to design them to counteract metahuman abilities, but might just work
We've only got a few minutes before this thing blows, and if I'm not back in time, you need to initiate lockdown
What if the metahuman we're looking for doesn't control gas?
The metahuman
We're in lockdown mode
This metahuman will not be able to stay in his mist form for long
Before you say it, we definitely are not going begging to Metatron
Castiel, if these are metaphors and you're attempting another human communication, it isn't working
Catastrophe is the metabolism of the universe
Coronal mass ejection Geomagnetic storm It's huge
Coronal ejections, geomagnetic storms
Photos with the big metal men one pound!
'We are being told that 'these metal men are known as Cybermen, but 'unlike the accounts we have on file, they now have the ability to fly
Keep her from the Chancellor until after the coronation
The coronation is upon us
My apologies, my Chancellor, for not being present for you A gift from our brothersinarms in Quinsai for our Emperor's coronation
We carry this holy edict in name of our benevolent Emperor on this, his coronation day
Snart wasn't another metahuman
It disappeared completely and reappeared with some of the crew actually embedded in the metal of the ship
And when the ship then rematerialized in our reality, their bodies melded with the metal in the hull
We talked about you helping us contain other metahumans
It's your hypermetabolism
She's a metahuman
Well, her being a metahuman explains general Eiling's interest in her
You keep her in the dark about the metahumans, and I don't go Floyd Mayweather on you
Actually, aside from Barry, you're the first metahuman that we've tested
Metahuman?
If they could reverse it so you weren't a metahuman, would you?
If one of these bad metahumans we're dealing with figures she knows something
She's the first metahuman not hellbent on destroying this city
What's that metal serratededge thing
If this metahuman can engender irrational feelings of anger in his victims he can do a lot of damage
How do you think the meta does it to them?
I mean, you know, him about metahuman stuff for her blog
Well, my team and I are after a nasty metahuman who makes people angry
You guys come up with anything new on our meta?
I suspect the meta is inducing rage via the ocular nerve Oh
Great Metahuman
But we do still have your metahuman to take care of
If she were close to having a vaccine, where would she go?
Dr Scott injected her blood into the monkey and if it works, we may have the vaccine
All he told me, he was writing a piece on, uh, vaccinations
don't play dumb With the vaccinations
What vaccinations?
The first victim who met Leo was going to write a story about vaccinations
Find out who gave him the vaccinations, we find Leo
'Cause you'd have to get vaccinated for that
Because of the vaccinations?
Well, we told him the feelings will come back when the drugs wore off, but, uh, he insisted that we'd put cockroach larvae in his vaccine
Like, it turned to metal
So you went after a metahuman alone?
So he is a metahuman?
Your childhood nemesis is now an unstoppable metahuman
We ran an analysis on the metal in Tony's footprint
Factoring in the metal's tensile strength, estimated dermal thickness, atmospheric pressure, air temp, you'd have to hit him at approximately
Ancient astronaut theorists point out that similar accounts of strange objects seen in the sky were also reported 25 years earlier during the meltdown at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in Ukraine
It's the archetype of metamorphosis or transformation
Is there a metahuman out there that can control electricity?
And what part of a metahuman stole my speed
Joe, the meta who stole my speed,
Where this metahuman electrocuted an innocent man
Because there is another metahuman
It was more energy than the meta could safely handle
Sorry Couldn't hear you over the sound of my calories not metabolizing
You will find that my door has been sealed with 3/4inch plywood and a polymer metal alloy secured with drywall screws
It's too soon to be sure, but I believe she may actually be metabolizing radiation on her own now
I send my guys to cut your balls And it's not a metaphor!
Tonio when I refer to them, you film their faces and you maintain the zoom
Carmelo Vargas PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC 20182024
It was mostly a lot of wheezing, as if you were climbing something, followed by the sounds of dismantling metal, and then grunting like you were dragging something heavy at least a few miles
No, BoJack, it's a metaphor
He was working on a vaccine for something called an auroraevirus
He needed to do that to test his vaccine
They specialize in developing vaccines for diseases throughout the world
If Mazurtech was having financial trouble and if his company put a lot of money into that vaccine, the next thing would be to test it, right?
The virus and the vaccine are missing, which leaves Kuryak
Ambassador, you need to get to the vault, follow lockdown two protocols till you get the all clear
Solid enough to start lockdown two
Are you familiar with level two lockdown procedure?
You know, it's possible the metal attaching the chair got caught in the power lines, which would have slowed his descent
These men are gonna die to help us find a vaccine
Pike me or I will hunt you down and eat your brains! He was our last hope at finding a vaccine
He has information vital to the development of a vaccine for the zombie virus
He was given the only dose of an experimental vaccine right before he was bitten Those undead bastards got two of my ribs right there
If we can get him to the lab in California they can use his blood and make more of the vaccine
My plan is I'm taking this truck and I am forgetting about vaccines and labs and all of you
What about California? What about the vaccine?
I've got Arthur heading a team at McQuaid Security analyzing metadata from the DOD and DIA, trying to find link between Belenko and Auggie's unit
We were on lockdown tonight because three agents got killed
We have a breach Initiate lockdown protocols
Before all these metahumans and super powers, right?
Well, maybe metahumans
I think the fact we go up against metahumans
So we can throw him in there with all the other metahuman psychos?
They're called metahumans
Metahumans?
No, don't you know that I'm allergic to metal
[metal banging] Stupid machine I hate you
One of the largest pandemics in history
And now a madman is out there With the ability to start a pandemic Enough
There would be no vaccine, I wouldn't be here,
It's from an abandoned metal factory, here in Gotham That's really good work, Ed
You want to hear that I cured cancer or that I found a vaccine for ALS before breakfast That'd be great Anything would be great
The original photos had GPS tags, but the modified ones are missing that metadata
All right, Harold I'll put two of them on lockdown
I'm heading to the event site myself to make sure she's on lockdown
Jamie: Hey, skip Three boxes full metal jacket, nine millimeter
Can you zoom in on him?
No No, you can't zoom in
(metal clangs, thuds) Well, isn't this cute? Father and son
In the meantime, I suggest we turn this lockdown into a popandlockdown
Fine, I'll have someone blindly throw icecold metal cans of soda at you
I just don't want people to panic, so I'm asking for your help to keep this thing quiet, so we can have the chillest biohazard lockdown in Brooklyn, yeah?
This is a police station in a lockdown, not a summer camp
Lockdown's officially over
There's one by the scrap metal yard
By the way, pestacin and ometacin were found
We're gonna listen for subsonic metaphysical phenomena now
Each stall has a tiny metal mailbox
Got to be a metaphor in there somewhere, right?
Metaphors to death?
I have metal kneecaps, so I might as well use them, right?
Perhaps it's a metaphor
Or we could throw the most dopest, most offtheheezy coronation bash this kingdom has ever seen
I'm Xixi, reporting live from the coronation
They can take our women, they can take our precious metals, they can take our freedom, but they can never take our freedom!
I am the metal head foosa destroyer, half lemur, half metal lemur head
I say was because he suffered a coronary and died last
What that does is it sort of tricks the body's cells into slowing down their metabolism and not realizing that they're lacking oxygen which, of course, buys physicians and emergency workers some time to go in and repair the the
But there's still metabolism going on, just very, very slowed down
But some believe that instead of a physical transformation, Jesus is resurrected metaphysically during the church service
Okay, the camera Zoom in
I didn't It's none of your business Hey, don't look at my nametag
This is not a drill, people We are in lockdown
I've trained for a variety of lockdownrelated scenarios
So, what if the ark was a metaphor or a symbol for some type of a DNA bank?
If you look at the death certificate, it says he died of coronary heart disease
In the morning, if you eat an apple, it helps with metabolism
It wasn't a suicide, but a death from coronary artery disease
Coronary artery disease?
All eleven of his colleagues and family echoed the same answer like parrots, that he died from coronary artery disease
Camera, zoom in on the goat no100!
And if so, are there otherworldly beings pulling the strings using the Akashic Record to reveal information to humanity's geniuses when it fits their timetable?
Metal screams
He has coronary heart disease (CHD) as a complication with diabetes
What you see here is coronary arteries
FOUR SYRIAN MIG21s ZOOM TOWARDS ISRAELI AIRSPACE
UNTIL 2021 OR BEYOND
CHAFF ARE THIN METAL STRIPS
No, no, it was a metaphor
Selfimposed metamorphosis
Every story I've written was on that Smith corona
Forsomereason, everythinghasbecome ametaphor
Metaphor Metaphor
Somehow,shegotmetalking aboutmywife
So you say, if I hear lightning, then I should avoid any kind of metal rod even
Electricity will be pulled toward the metal
You put this on a building, the lightning comes down to the metal and stops
[metal clanks] Whoa, careful!
Helly, you know those magnets only pick up things made of metal, right?
Because as we said earlier, the arm attracts metal
The metal cage is designed to haul the 33 miners, one by one, from 7 00 meters below ground to the sunlight they haven't seen now for 62 days
Zoom in
Zoom out
Zoom in
Zoom in
This is a metaphor
It's not a metaphor
It wasn't a metaphor
Echo Team, prepare for lockdown
There was going to be a coronation And I was going to be made queen,
She will be coronated at London's historic Westminster Abbey
Please come upstairs to prepare for the coronation
Guys This is no longer a coronation It is an execution!
What was meant to be the coronation of Scarlet Overkill has gone terribly wrong
Okay, so you can zoom out
If you can't zoom in, you probably won't buy
I just found out that the zoom link the button that you click on to zoom in on a photo, isn't working
Everybody zooms in
I know the zoom is broken, and I don't mean to pull anyone off of that, but I need a favor
In addition to which, the latest figures show that we presently control 70% of antimalarial vaccines,
Mechanical are lockdown
Sifting through mountains of metadata and exabytes of encoded excrement
The system is designed to shut down automatically if any metal enters the intake
That's the long metal thing that the train goes on, is it, boss?
if it's igneous, metamorphic, or sedimentary
He's got increased metabolism and improved thermal homeostasis
He's all over the globe robotics labs, weapons facilities, jet propulsion labs reports of a metal man, or men, coming in and emptying the place
The strongest metal on earth
Can't a man put himself in lockdown if he wants?
Mom, Ben looks like some ghoul from one of his metal band posters
They are seduced by heavy metal heroes, many of whom feature satanic imagery in their songs and album covers
They had the perfect culprit, a strange teenage boy that no one in town liked much and listened to heavy metal
Joy's dream started at this metal garage her father ran
He doesn't send an invoice, and he hasn't even sent the metal
A metal and plastic injection mold factory
You know, you like metaphor and simile and you're partial to parable, too
I'm not sure what's going on [metal rattling]
They were monitoring me very closely [metal jangling]
[metal rattling]
The ghost is just a metaphor
A metaphor?
Well, the ghosts are just a metaphor
My pedal is to the metal, boss
The video feed went into proxy server in Ukraine
Our metabolism slows while we sleep
He lost it and hit me with a metal bar
So I pulled the Jag into the loading zone and I start scrapping with this hunk of metal
Ukraine suffered a terrible famine, which led many people to resort to cannibalism
They have such normal evenings in Ukraine, don't they?
Fuck So here in Ukraine, a lot of people are very superstitious still, and they believe in psychics
Well, Katarina says he was born in the Ukraine in a village called Yablochnoye, which is where we saw the cows, and it's close to the sawmill, where he interviewed Boris
Onceuponatime, before I came, you cried and cried and watched TV all day, until you were a zombie, but then I zoomed down from heaven through skylight into room
Why is Liman on lockdown?
To find him would be like discovering a vaccine
That doesn't mean that it's autobiographical The book stuff is meant to be a metaphor
ZOOM OUT
YOU NEED TO SIGN OFF ON EARLY DISMISSAL FOR THE CORONATION
WHICH IS ANOTHER REASON I LOOK FORWARD TO THE CORONATION
I FOUND OUT THAT FAIRY GODMOTHER BLESSES BEN WITH THE WAND AT CORONATION AND WE ALL GET TO GO
I WILL SEE YOU AT THE GAME AFTER MY DRESSFITTING FOR THE CORONATION, OKAY?
HEY! AND I'M GOING TO THE CORONATION WITH HIM
WILL YOU GO TO THE CORONATION WITH ME?
Oh, well, people  whoselltoastersshouldn't usemixedmetaphors
LET IT GO TOMORROW, AFTER THE CORONATION, I PROMISE EVERYTHING WILL BE OKAY I HAVE TO GO
The French They love their culinary metaphors
So, of course they use the vegetable metaphor
I, uh, spent my childhood running through these piles of metal
I hope she is, but looking at the date and location embedded in this picture's metadata, it was taken in your hometown, three years ago
He was a metal pourer at the steel mill before it closed
Every nickle, dime, and quarter I made went into that pieceofshit metal box
It looks like metal, Ed!
Are you zooming?
PUT THE BUILDING ON LOCKDOWN AND PUT A GUARD AT EVERY EXIT
Zoom in?
Instead now, that money is going to fund obsolete, metal, giant dildos
See, I think it would be unfair on Senator O'Brien and his running mate if there were a travel lockdown because they would be stranded in Florida
Okay, lockdown Nobody move and nobody gets hurt
Ma'am, intruder in the grounds This is a lockdown!
Okay, everyone, this is a lockdown
Okay, we are in lockdown
This is a lockdown
Metaldick piece of shit
Metaldick piece of shit
Apparently, Erlich used some pretty assertive vaginal metaphors last round, so it's been a bit of an uphill climb
So, take your shitty tequila and your shitty jeans with fucking metal chunks on them, and get the fuck out of here
Over here, Jenna's mutilated body was found hanging off some metal piping in the ceiling
'Cause we overheard some people talking about him, and what a rotten judge he was, and we kind of rooted for him to have a coronary or get run over
I saw a metal crate hammer from, like, the 1800s, caked in blood
Maybe the lyrics are a metaphor
I thought you meant metaphorically
If this illness gets off this island, we could be facing a pandemic
Thirty years ago, a pandemic began here on this island
The TXM7 pandemic is destroying us
They're administering it right now to the sick outside, and they have even provided us with an oral vaccine so that we might never become affected, either
Uh, my wife's a little exhausted, so here is the cat's vaccination
In thisin this fucking in this metal tube, we're not in communication, we don't have any light, it doesn't make any sense
I'm just looking for someone who likes to mix her metaphors
Got a metal plate in my head, so
Then you had to come back with your metal plate and your head full of bees
Your metaphors are so beautiful
Lockdown in effect
(METALLIC CLINK)
You know what? Now you're just abusing the metaphor
This mark is called a vaccine
He was hit with an object, probably made out of metal Or steel
Timetable
It scans and saves metadata from encoded smart cards
Who's gonna buy this hunk of metal?
Because you and Debs could go to a school without metal detectors?
Is it that I was slow, or is that your bloated metabolism can't handle a fiveminute wait for the 10 pounds of bacon you shoved down your fat throat?
A family can't go on a vacation without the whole city going on lockdown?
They're gonna use the unborn child's stem cells to recreate a vaccine
Give us more scrap metal I'll sell it at the junkyard again
We'll collect all the metal we can find from around town
100 tons of metal just waiting to fall
Not so metaphorical, perhaps, Jenkins
I'm just saying that the actual native specie of tree on this side of the Ukraine would be the oak or the hornbeam, but these pine trees are totally out of place
These pine trees actually form kind of a pattern around the stones, and there's a, uh, ancient metal spike in each one
Have you got eyes on the metal yet?
I know it comforts you to look through that metalens but this is reality
Abed, I know it gives you comfort to see through that metalens, but we were just saying goodbye to the room
Well, uh, you are gonna feel even more like a dragon when you know that our investment in precious metals is up 6%
Now, who was pushing for a larger stake in precious metals?
If it comes in contact with any metal, then it'll close the circuit and we should be able to hear it
I was handcuffed to a metal pipe in the engine room pissing into an old Malagueta can
Heavymetal diaper
Better me than a man's life (metal clanging in the distance)
(barks) (metal scraping) Demelza?
You're taking this a bit personally for a hunk of metal,
My boss paid 60,000 Joy for that hunk of metal
But there's this one tunnel which is blocked by a metal door
The biologics were specifically engineered to satiate upir nutritional and metabolic needs
For a nonmetahuman, Leonard Snart is quite the nemesis
After we sprinkled that corridor valley with heavy metals
Then I hope you saved some of that Miss Ukraine money
Coronary
Scrap metal yard, off the Uxbridge Road, belongs to the Chapman family
That, Gerry, is a metaphor Eurgh!
Or a metaphor screaming for mercy
Another outbreak of measles because some parents believe that vaccinations are the root of all evil
Ever tried a metal detector?
There's evidence of sodomy by the perpetrator and a metallic foreign object
I'm Metal Hero Friend
It's gotta be a metaphor for something
No, it was a whole hurricane metaphor
With the support of the State Agency Ukraine on Cinema Fund Cinema Production Company New Lyudi
Now, his labs show a metabolic acidosis
Okay, slow down, we don't need to get that meta
Metal needles were inserted into the brain
Tell him to hit lockdown, Then get out of the building, quick
Okay, Hit lockdown
Men made of metal will tear our cities apart
Please, stop with the metaphors
I haven't fully sequenced the formula yet, if only for the multitude of trace drugs found, but my initial list includes anabolicandrogenic steroids, a liver enzyme blocker, various metabolic enhancers, methamphetamines, what appears to be gorilla testosterone,
[metallic rattling]
Ah, he was a Meta
[Metal creaking]
You know, I believe that sample SR53, that blood, Captain America's blood, holds the key to vaccines, medications, possibly even a cure for the common cold
Dooley found out Carter was a spy for Stark, and he put everything on lockdown
He's tapping out a timetable
He was discussing some kind of timetable
Lockdown sub level six
After 9/11, the exchange was redesigned to go on lockdown in the event of an attack, to keep combatants out
As you can see, doctors at the Baltimore CDC are working day and night to develop a vaccine
His vaccine won't work
Markridge is one of the leading pioneers in vaccination research
When we'll face the next epidemic, or the next pandemic
Aren't they working on a malaria vaccine?
If this thing is airborne, we've all been exposed, and all it takes is one guy to get in a car or a boat or a plane and we're looking at a pandemic
Theoretically, but I must warn you, Dr Wells converting the tachyon prototype will delay your timetable
There's not gonna be a timetable if Central City goes up in a mushroom cloud
Yeah, hunting metahumans
If living the last 14 months as a conjoined metahuman has taught me anything, it's that my life's work should have been being the best husband I could to my wife
Just cold, like a metal surface
Metahuman
Maybe we should be looking for a metahuman
We may have another metahuman case on our hands
Got it Hands off the metahuman
Hands off the metahuman
What is that, a metal detector?
Uh, essentially, only instead of listening for metal objects
Hannibal Bates has turned into quite the metahuman Take a look
Hands on the metahuman
Hands on the metahuman
Pedal to the metal
It appears not only is a metahuman controlling these bees but also increasing their toxicity
Bees communicate by releasing pheromones Maybe this meta's controlling them through secretion?
There's the metahuman killer that can control a whole swarm of bees?
So we're not dealing with a metahuman?
It's metaphorical, of course, because I don't have a real mic
April 25, 2024
With all of the metahumans in Central City, people have been seeing some strange things
Think the thief might have been a metahuman
Maybe the accelerator explosion created a metagorilla
This prison is for metahumans, so you're free to go
You've seen what these metahumans are capable of
Not all metahumans are dangerous
Mm, hang off a 500ft cliff by ropes and those metal keychains?
Just the smell of the metal makes me hard
Started moving hunks of metal back and forth
A big metal door
Who am I talking to? Can you zoom in on that?
No, but there were minute traces of metal flecks in the scalp
My guess would be a tire iron, metal pipe, something like that
Mmhmm Can you zoom in on her?
The bigass metal ones from the construction site
Lucy would quit talking metaphors so I could take off all her clothes and just bend her over my desk?
In this stage, you gain back the two ATPs, the metabolic energy you spent earlier
We call it getting metal ears
Nope I can't think of a metaphor pathetic enough to suit you, Jeff Winger
The handle is metal, as you can see
I won't make our timetable
Though, speaking of timetables, when will our facility be back on track?
Yes Focus on vaccine development
 to find the materials for a vaccine to combat the current deadly pandemic
Now, if y you're viewing this video, you are a part of the new network of facilities in the United States and certain foreign nations which were chosen to produce and distribute the vaccine in the event their mission is successful
If if and when a vaccine arrives No one's decoded this yet?
SO IT HEADED OUT TO SEA TO AVOID THE PANDEMIC,
I NEED TO KEEP CONTACT ON THE METAL
IT NEEDS TO BE METAL TO METAL
IT HAS TO STAY IN CONTACT WITH THE METAL, RIGHT?
I'M AN EXPERT IN VACCINE MANUFACTURING AND GENETIC ENGINEERING
Her parents grow potatoes in Ukraine
tasted like metal two fingers
In the second half of the course, then, the focus shifts gradually to metabolic and glandular changes to the body during sex
I am So, you place two fingers here on the coronal ridge, one above, one below
Hard to miss the metaphor, isn't it?
She used to zoom by on her bike
metastasizes into cancer
WE WON'T BE ABLE TO MANUFACTURE THE VACCINE ON THE SHIP [ DOOR CLOSES ] ANYTHING ON THAT SUB?
AEROSOLIZING THE MEASLES VACCINE,
I NEED TO TURN OUR LIQUID VACCINE INTO AN AEROSOL FORM
TO CUT WITH OUR VACCINE
AND HAVE IT ADHERE TO THE VACCINE
COULD PREVENT MINERAL ABSORPTION INTO THE VACCINE STRUCTURE
Can you zoom in on that?
Five counties remain on lockdown as terrorists bearing biological weapons are still at large
Asteroids, pandemics, environmental catastrophes
Their firepower could get through a 50 meter thickmetal wall 
The couch was a metaphor for my old attitude
You are literally a metaphor
The house is a metaphor for a home
Happiness is a metaphor for change
That's a metaphor, Diane
You know, it's kind of hitting me now that maybe I was thinking more metaphorically
I got this on lockdown Yes, it is bananawalnut
Well, sounds like an '80s hairmetal band
No She was wearing a nametag
After Metatron escaped, we moved the door to heaven
We've been searching for other metahumans, like yourself
Yeah, which is why I let you have that antimetahuman task force
I'm cooking it up for Joe and the task force to take down metahumans
Yes, once I finish the Boot, CCPD will totally have what it needs to take down a metahuman
And what's also weird is that at the same time that metahuman grew, all the Xray machines within a mile radius just went belly up
I think our meta's been sucking up all the radiation around him and using it to power himself
We all wanna make a difference, and that means fighting metahumans, and that means working with the Flash
Zoom
I think right now, there's too much on your plate metaphor intended
Oh, it's at Shaw's Bar, the official site of my coronation
Elon musk gave it to me It's designed for space travel
I picked up your metamucil In that orange flavor that you like
Watson, I've got every confidence you could brain a man with a metal tube if you put your mind to it
Oh, hang on I'm zooming in Hold on, hold on
(Louise gasps) Metal shop, make a metal sculpture of us
Metal against metal!
Because that metaphor was so intense at that time, I still remember it
AS WE PULL IN TO SHORE, YOU'LL ALL BE GIVEN BOOSTER SHOTS TO COMPLIMENT THE VACCINATIONS
A COUPLE OF THE OLDFASHIONED SHOTS OF THE VACCINE,
And also let them know that we're on an information lockdown
The mice closest to the porthole were able to inhale the vaccine immediately
I'LL TRY TO ZOOM IN, SIR
FOR A VACCINE TO COMBAT THE PANDEMIC
WHICH WERE CHOSEN TO PRODUCE AND DISTRIBUTE THE VACCINE
AND DISTRIBUTING THE VACCINE,
Alisha: I'LL CHANGE ANGLES, SIR CAN YOU ZOOM?
OTHERS BELIEVE IT'S AN EXPERIMENT WITH AN UNPROVEN VACCINE
A week later he came back with a little metal sheet in his hand
In the Chinese factories of many tech companies, copper, chromium and other heavy metals saturate the runoff that flows into local waterways
I'd go out the same way that I live pedal to the metal, and that would be it
Places that can afford the metal
It was the perfect metaphor
[ Heavymetal music plays ]
I have one more thing that I need to apologize for Call me the periodic table, 'cause I got all the metals
[ scoffs ] [ metal clinks ]
He said you were having trouble nebulizing the vaccine
RACHEL: This is the vaccine compound before nebulization
What we need is an environment that's been untouched by the pandemic and yet severe enough to promote adaptive activity in bacteria (INHALES)
So, we'll use this to add the spore protein into the vaccine
Then this pandemic broke out
How do you want to spread the vaccine?
Patty, put the school in lockdown
Lockdown, lockdown
Lockdown, lockdown
♪ Hot metal and methedrine ♪ Who am I?
Let's tear them apart metaphorically
[ metal clatter ]
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Zoom
Before I arrived on your Earth, I was in a fight with a man named Zoom
Zoom?
Atom Smasher, he said Zoom sent him here to kill me
Zoom had me beaten
Because if you're not, this Zoom is not gonna be your only enemy
Captain Singh mentioned there may be positions available on your antimetahuman task force
You do realize that metahumans have superpowers, right?
If what you told me about Zoom is true, that he sent Rothstein here to kill you, instead of locking me up in here, you better start listening
Because if Zoom is involved, you are going to need a lot more than just me at your side to stay alive
Well, definitely a metahuman
So, I think a metahuman may have done this Here
I'm trying to join the antimetahuman task force Ah
I mean, it's gotta be from the metahuman that attacked me
They belong to a metahuman I've fought before named Sand Demon
Zoom sent Rothstein here to kill you He must've sent Sand Demon here to do the same thing
I found our meta His name is Eddie Slick
He's a dirt bag and an arsonist, but he's not lying about this He's not a meta, Barry
Sort of? He was right about Zoom
We don't even know anything about Zoom
Or what is Zoom? Is Zoom even real?
I get it One thing you should know about dealing with these metahumans, nothing is ever as it seems
Zoom sent me here to kill you
Specializing in artificial intelligence, genetics, and metahuman
The day that he injected that first small boy with the rabies vaccine, he was risking criminal prosecution
It seems that the sudden influx of antibodies from the vaccinated blood donor caused a massive immune response
If we could pinpoint which mutation allowed it to concentrate in his lungs, we could reengineer the vaccine to do the same
And I introduced it to my vaccine
Everyone who's already vaccinated will just need a booster to carry it
♪ I put the pedal to the metal, hit the gas, then I'm gone ♪
What about all us women on lockdown, Cookie?
♪ I put the pedal to the metal, hit the gas ♪
♪ Uh, they say the good die young ♪ ♪ I put the pedal to the metal, hit the gas, then I'm gone ♪
Zoom in on that
We came home with a vaccine and a cure for those who were still infected
I was able to remove some metal fragments, but I won't know if I've got them all until I do the ultrasound
The sliver of metal you extracted from Supergirl's arm
I analyzed the metal on the ax
He should he should be anally violated with a metal pipe
Until we learn to neutralize this weapon they possess, we might have to rethink our timetable for taking National City
The fucking Ukraine
Well, maybe he's right It could just be a piece of metal or a window or, you know, I don't know
You'll be eating off a metal plate until the day you die
It's a good metaphor
Be safe Use the wet, nongrounded metal hedge clippers
If these are biological weapons, then we may be looking at a pandemic
We go into lockdown
The assassin is not armed with something that we can flag with a metal detector
Potomac to Eastern, Western to Southern Full lockdown, airports, trains, buses
We went into lockdown, but she was gone
As you are no doubt aware, the metal composition of cutlery can have an effect on food's flavor
They're exposed to dangerous levels of toxic heavy metals, and they're not even given proper protective gear
We are experiencing technical and metaphysical difficulties
It's a metaphor, people, look it up
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Zoom uses the breaches Why can't we?
Like a metahuman who can explode heads, right?
My first priority is Zoom
And, you know, if you go back then we can't get in touch with you when we need your help, or with Zoom,
Okay Once we take care of Zoom, I'm going home
City's on lockdown, tight as 9/11
What's the piece of metal you carry with you?
Is that piece of metal part of a plane?
This is a middleaged man He was diagnosis with coronary heart disease
This is not a mere metaphor
Because the acrylic will still stay bonded to the metal
In the middle of a lockdown?
However, you can go on Google Earth and you can see the pyramids of the Shaanxi Province for yourself by just zooming in on this area
Freezing that metal was particularly clever
With a metal pipe
You need to metabolize that venom
I was being snarky Do you know what metaphors or satires are?
All that high tech wizardry, and they can't find a better way to lock those metal doors?
Dig down about two feet and you'll find a metal box
And then made you dance on the roof of my bentley I realize now that metal conducts heat
He's insisting we accelerate the timetable
I've been getting my intel about troop escalation in eastern Ukraine from?
If you bang these metal spoons on everything, it's like STOMP
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
I mean, I can't beat Zoom at this speed
Zoom is at least three, four times faster than you at this point
Wow Do you think a metahuman did it?
Man, you've fought metahumans with abilities a lot worse than knifethrowing
We stop metahumans because we're scientists
This wouldn't have anything to do with Zoom, would it?
How come you didn't tell me Zoom broke your back? I
You think that she's a metahuman?
They're visions of metahumans, and I had one of you
So, A, you're saying you're a metahuman, and, B, she's a metahuman?
Science is what did this to you, to Barry, to Zoom, and science is what we need to stop Zoom, and this is our only option
If Barry wants to stop Zoom, this is what he needs
Where's Metatron?
Where's Metatron, Castiel?
Again, Metatron where is he?
Metatron tricked me
I wasn't lying about Metatron
That was before you freed Metatron
Metatron is also off the grid
Places Metatron might hang out
Metatron
And here, I was just about wrapping my mind around metahumans
Hey, Ukraine
Metaphorically speaking!
Metahumans, magic, resurrections
Two pieces of the same meteorite, like an Nth metal
I made it out of the Nth metal that Barry got from the meteorite
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Captain Singh mentioned there may be positions available on your antimetahuman task force
Jesse's my daughter and Zoom has her
And stop Zoom from traveling back and forth between our worlds
At least then, we wouldn't have to worry about him sending any more metahumans over for Barry to fight
Yeah I keep checking, but all is quiet on the metahuman front
Hey, you think Zoom decided to take Christmas off?
Jesse was on full communication lockdown but that doesn't mean that Mardon and Snart weren't in contact
It can't be easy knowing Zoom still has his daughter
Joined the metahuman task force
Nothing a little metahuman regenerative healing capabilities won't cure
The blade was metal
Yes, yes, you did, which led us to this Santainfested hell hole, but is there, like, a way to do, like, a zoomin spell or something maybe a little more accurate like an address or
I just spent two hours crammed in a small metal tube, flying across the country to be here
The Inca built this vast roadway without the use of the wheel, draft animals, metal tools or even a written language
Even Stephen Hawking and Tesla Motors founder Elon Musk have predicted that machines may soon surpass and ultimately replace humans
But this is a metal lace
Whether we think of light and dark forces in metaphysical terms, that is out there somewhere, or psychological terms, there are light and dark forces of some kind, and respecting that is important JONATHAN YOUNG:
It's a metallic bell, about nine feet in diameter, with many mysterious properties
Mike BARA and fellow researcher Richard Hoagland obtained early generation negatives from Shorty Crater, and upon enhancing the colors present in the film, found that the object appears metallic
And it glowed and shone as if it were metallic
It's a fucking metaphor, damn it!
It was a metaphor
I'll use a metaphor to compare Dad to a crow
Yes It's a metaphor, dude I was referring to his career
With that metabolism, you'll get your figure back in two weeks
I like to talk in metaphors
I hope you are a heavymetal fan, because all the heavy metals are going right here above your trophy
I'm the puppy in this metaphor
I don't have a metaphor that'll make us play like Barcelona or a childhood anecdote that will make you play brilliantly
Bro, can you zoom in?
We're on lockdown
And I ran a differential analysis, uh, on the rates at which you might metabolize solar radiation
I can see those heavy metals just pouring out of you
Heavy metals, yeah
This is called a metallic mini
Embryonic stem cell research is the most promising path to finding a cure for diabetes and other metabolic diseases
(metal scraping metal)
You're going to ride that metal mouth tube all the way to money town!
I fall in love quickly Can you zoom in on her shoulder for me, please?
Sprint to your tents and retrieve your metal mugs
With hundreds of pebbles in the metal bin, recruits don't know how many they will be expected to collect and how long the burpees torture will continue
My dad's got me on lockdown
No What about Metatron?
Um, why don't you open up another box of vaccines, and we'll get to work
Don't panic, because wewe still have one vaccine left
To put it into perspective, anybody who doesn't get a vaccine today will just have to take a short car ride to another store, or come back tomorrow
In his journal, Maak writes that he and his team encountered several large and mysterious metallic objects embedded in the earth that the local hunters referred to as cauldrons
According to descriptions, these large metallic domes that protrude from the ground each measure between 20 and 30 feet in diameter
There are Russian troops amassed on the Ukraine border
Not till she has all of Ukraine under military occupation
Oh, I'm fine Find anything on Metatron?
You were right, Metatron
But you let Metatron go?
I'm gonna say it again You let Metatron go!
You said you got everything you could out of Metatron, right?
Right coronary
If Anton was stabbed with a needle, then maybe there's gonna be some metal residue near the bone chip
Warhol originals Your elon musk bobblehead in the trash
I had to go through a metal detector in the lobby to get here
You want a pair us up with somebody in Ukraine?
Uh, it's possibly metastasized
Looks like a metal diaper
We wanted metal jeanshorts but they were just too expensive
The whole building's on lockdown
If you can put the building on lockdown, you can take the building off lockdown
Just be sure you're uptodate on your vaccines
Sterilization, vaccinations, and filariasis tests
A pet cemetary's carpark becomes a field hospital
Vaccines, yes, which means he might be cranky
The owner of the processing plant was having problems with scrap metal theft so he hired him on to work security
And she knows we won't tolerate any signs of aggression toward us or Ukraine
He might be interested to know about a planned attack on Ukraine
You think he doesn't know Russia has designs on Ukraine?
The playbook that Dmitri gave us laid out Russia's entire strategy for the invasion of Ukraine, including aggressive diversionary tactics to deter US involvement
Air strikes to follow, to address any aggression on the Ukraine border
We give evidence of military overreach by Russia against the US and Ukraine
We need to get Ukraine on board
announcing our renewed partnership with the people of Ukraine
Then he'll never allow for any kind of aggression against Ukraine
You went to Ukraine to meet with Bozek and his staff directly after the incident with their plane, right?
Ukraine
President Bozek was panicked about Russian aggression and he knew Ukraine could never stand up to them without international aid
I was not going to let Ukraine be swallowed up by the Russian monster once again
Still have to find a way to extricate the US from Ukraine without losing any more lives
Sounds like you're stuck in that metaphor
[LOUD, METALLIC CLATTER]
so we would get behind Ukraine?
Ukraine, aided by American advisors, overwhelmed the Russian forces and beat them back in a decisive blow to Russia
Yeah It's a big win for Ukraine And us
But, really, it was the United States and Ukraine colluding together
These devious nations created a fake hack story as a pretense for America's imperialist aggression and to keep ethnic Russians in Eastern Ukraine imprisoned by the criminal Bozek administration
How the hell did Russia find out that Ukraine was involved in the Air Force One hack?
I think every minute she doesn't order an allout assault and flatten every inch of Eastern and Western Ukraine is reason for encouragement
President Bozek sent Foreign Minister Melnik to represent Ukraine in his place
Foreign Minister Melnik, I'm glad Ukraine and the United States were able to see eye to eye
Eastern Ukraine will become an autonomous state with its borders along the north of the Black Sea, from Luhansk to Odessa Oblast
I can get everything I want with aggression, including all of Ukraine
Then I will send my entire army into Ukraine
[Kratz] I've actually zoomed in to that area
Great metaphor, Kim
Do you only know heavy metal?
METAPHYSICS MASTER WANG YUEE
That metalpants looking thing?
This is one of the world's biggest mines, alongside a metallurgy complex:
WE CAN ZOOM IN TO THESE IMAGES
Let the people of Ukraine decide who wins
For the first time, a simple teacher from Kiev has become Ukraine's head of state
We serve the people of Ukraine!
Enough, Petya You've already appointed half of Ukraine
Natalya, on behalf of Ukraine's president, we wish you a happy birthday
This is Ukraine, right?
The president of Ukraine!
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Dear fellow countrymen and guests of Ukraine
This is what I promise you, the people of Ukraine
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
I'm at ease Ukraine is in good hands
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Dmitriy Leonidovich, health minister, honored doctor of Ukraine and professor
In a time when our country lives below the poverty line, you get choked up downtown only to zoom away in your snazzy cars like a wind!
I believe that together we'll help Ukraine's economy
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Yet, Ukraine faces other problems, as well
Hello, Ukraine! Hello, soccer fans!
Ukraine is competitively selecting candidates for top government posts
He's in Ukraine?
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Dear Ukrainians, not long ago you elected me as president of Ukraine
Where can these untried politicians, some lacking the requisite education, take Ukraine?
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
It's as if crime has been wiped out and Ukraine faces no security threats
How do you say Welcome to Ukraine?
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
This is about lifting visa requirements between Ukraine and Belgium
My children study in Ukraine
All the money I receive in this manner, I promise to hand over to the state budget of Ukraine
As we say in Ukraine, you're welcome
Ukraine has many problems, so your money is useful
It's shameful to evade taxes in America, yet in Ukraine, it's a way to screw the government
The president has just filed his asset declaration and urged all the citizens of Ukraine to follow suit
Glory to Ukraine
This is Ukraine?
Ukraine It's symbolic
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
PRIME MINISTER OF UKRAINE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE
Ukraine is located at the junction of tectonic plates
Look here If I hear again that you're stealing road metal
And who was selling road metal at the flea market?
Because my children don't want to eat road metal
Being Ukraine's ambassador to the UN is also prestigious
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
With Ukraine's business elite
I'm not afraid for Ukraine
Miner and Metallurgist
A chain of metallurgists and miners who are nationwide
As part of Georgian culture day in Ukraine, we'll see children perform
I don't think the state should support the development of a tobacco campaign in Ukraine
Ukraine's envoys to the UN?
In the name of Ukraine, having examined the materials of case 22146, governed by article 176, clause 5 of the criminal procedural code, the court ruled the following
Charm her and Ukraine gets a lucrative machine building contract
In Ukraine, we also have similar dancing
Ukraine and India will reach a new level of relations
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
I congratulate Mr Goloborodko for ascending to the post of president of Ukraine and I express my satisfaction with the democratic processes taking shape in the nation
How many in total in Ukraine?
Can we return closer to Ukraine?
Regarding Ukraine, then we have to drop 51 places down
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
You said Ukraine and Sweden are two congenial, kindred nations
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Otherwise, Ukraine will always be a beggar
The fact is that, in Ukraine's case, it isn't a myth
Here, in our Ukraine, well
With certainty, one can say that, at a minimum, Ukraine will be wiped off the map
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Ukraine, Sweden
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Ukraine accounts for 5% of the world's mineral resources
Ukraine also has 3% of the world's coal reserves
Legend says that when the bell strikes, the water will flow and flood Kyiv and all of Ukraine
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Prior to your administration, Ukraine's level of corruption was at 142nd place
You've had 100 days in office Yet, Ukraine is still in 142nd place
These functions now will be carried out by the Security Service of Ukraine
Perhaps, Ukraine's Security Service chief speaks Russian poorly, but he is doing much for Ukraine
In Ukraine, for every 100,000 people, there are only 17 judges
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
I am president of Ukraine
It appears that Ukraine indeed cannot tackle corruption
In other words, an offthebook company called Ukraine
He turned out to be the prime minister of Ukraine
Ukraine will remember this Independence Day
Glory to Ukraine!
There's no need to rub it in their faces We wouldn't want to see any coronaries
I pounded a lot of metal in my life
Zoom in for the tears, then rack it back for dat ass!
A toxic metal And that's leeched directly into the cerebral spinal fluid
Conductors of the Metaphysical Examination
Conductors of Metamucils and Stuff Slow down
Looking forward to this metal show
Conductors of the Metaphysical Okay
It's a metaphor Yes?
Pressure fault Lockdown initiated
There's a End lockdown
It stops all metabolic activity
But he tangled with a metahuman and, lived to tell about it
releasing a metahuman more powerful than any we've encountered
The next war will be fought with these meta humans
Brilliant Zoom in on four
The metal brace screwed into his skull in four spots
While tripping balls, Firewater and I made an important metaphysical breakthrough
And they had a machine that engineered a controlled drop of a piece of metal onto a stamping plate
That's the metaphor of the early Stooges, that's it
Shit, his bone's caught on the metal
Her hair was matted with blood and semen, her feet and wrists clotted and raw from the metal cuffs nailing her to the bed
I was stripped and tied to a metal chair
Big metal gates and those beautiful girls who drive right on through
In my mind, this is not a metaphorical debt
You remember Victor in the Ukraine?
In 2022, AEY will be eligible once again to bid on Federal contracts
These are thirdgeneration metal workers, people with families
Itappearsto be metallic andofaconsiderablesize 
I need to buy some ribbon to even begin to make it suitable for the coronation
We are spending tomorrow together At the coronation
And also a little bit of metal and wood, of course
More metal than man at this point
Now, I do most of the heavy lifting, but there's a timetable here so you can see what he has, when
Metallica, no
Zoom in
The metahuman thesis
Yes, the metahuman thesis
I've never seen a metal like this
No, not tin But it's metal
The metal was developed by a private company
Preparing chrysalis and commencing metamorphosis
The wheelchair and the bullet from the desert were made from the same metal
It's light metals which sway a bit in the wind
And you know something about LexCorp metals, don't you, Miss Lane?
They're setting off the metal detectors
We're going through a very sensitive metal detector, okay?
So plastic, nothing Metal
You'll have to remove all your metal
The stick's metal How are we going to get it out? Yeah
Freeze that and zoom in
And you can zoom in and mark it
Where's the metaphor?
Because you'll turn your backs, and it will zoom right back into chaos
Where's the zoom in?
Can you zoom in on that stationery?
Feel the metal in the ground
Hey It's mountain Lots of metal
Vaccinations
What do you mean, vaccinations?
We weren't given vaccinations
You have a metal arm?
Hand me the zoom lens
I think a zoom would be better
Okay, a zoom, whatever
It's Jack Bertrang from up in Coronado
That metal I used to jump on in the rice paddies, they're using now to keep the taco vendors off my lawn
Infection work out negative, autoimmune tests negative, toxic metabolic work up negative
I can't guarantee it's a metaphor
And any direct assault would trigger the lockdown which makes the coven impregnable
They've started fighting The base is on lockdown
Thing is, you're not just following your bad guy targets, you're also following their metadata
It's a lockdown
As the Sindhu River comes down the mountain in this region here, there are deposits of a yellow metal that shines like the rays of the sun
This yellow metal cannot give you your revenge!
I'll go away with you on your corona commercial if I can, baby
Theinjections havebeenprepared We'rereadyforlockdown
All the ships are on lockdown, but I can backdoor those codes
metalsounding noise outside
(saw whirring) (metal creaking)
We met training seals at Coronado
Ain't nobody goin' up in the projects We got that shit on lockdown They are not projects
The rounds are a composite, invisible to metal detectors
And they incinerate forensic evidence, so they are untraceable What kind of metal does that?
The repairman could drop off the timetable every day before work
Gathering metadata is no longer adequate
You should work that into your coronation speech
(metal clanking)
He could get in his spaceship, metaphorically, and it could take him anywhere he wanted to go
Mixture of rat poisoning and metal filings
My childhood friend whom I liked died because of the pandemic
That facility was on lockdown
Yeah, but don't you think the candidates are gonna be suspicious of two random people just joining the lockdown?
We have six candidates who were in lockdown with Norah last week
Need I remind you, Dr Smith, once we go to lockdown, if anything goes wrong, you're on your own
Lockdown initiating
We gotta get this lockdown lifted and get everybody out of here
If you touch even a single bill, full lockdown will occur
I can't! Nobody can Not until an hour after lockdown
You could taste the sting of the metal on your tongue mixed with the taste of her cunt
Spector has retained metal fragments from the bullet in his body
And that may or may not be a metaphor
The state's got a triple lockdown on euthanasia cases
Great basketball team, lousy metal detectors
You said you could make a vaccine
I can synthesise the vaccine
Navy at Coronado
Reports from Belarus to Canada, France, Italy, Germany, the Ukraine
I was given a smallpox vaccine as a child, as I'm sure you were as well
If you are suggesting that there is more in that shot thanthan a vaccine
Soldiers deploying to Iraq are given anthrax vaccines to protect them in the event of biological warfare
But with compromised immune systems, it's the vaccines that are attacking their systems
You keep saying that, ruling out all other possibilities the possibility that they were given a faulty vaccine
The Department of Defense was recently faulted for giving soldiers live vaccines
I just changed the timetable
Using alien DNA to defeat the Spartan Virus by creating a vaccine against it
A vaccine that could be a miracle
I told you, I got lung cancer It's metastasized
She has fake zoomers
What kind of message does that send to girls with growing zoomers?
As coronary thrombosis You got a route?
In this metaphor, yes, we're the acrobat
That image was always a metaphor for me The chase through yellowstone
Of what? Metamucil?
Can you zoom in on her?
I like chess It's a perfect metaphor for life
Put the pedal to the metal
Everyone remain calm We're in total lockdown
Another provided affordable vaccines to third world countries
After the news broke of a deadly outbreak, the CDC recommended everyone get tested so the government could identify those who need to be vaccinated by evaluating their genetic markers
And from America, yesterday in New York City, the sudden appearance of an exotic new flu strain caused a mass panic and sent citizens scrambling to get tested for a new vaccine
I'm not in a metaphysical mood
I'm not talking metaphysics, Harry
I am, but on my timetable, not yours
Your timetable will have me watching your gubernatorial campaign from my fucking mausoleum
Metallica's playing one North American gig this year
Metallica?
That's the opening act setting up right now, and then Metallica will check
If it's any consolation, I almost missed Metallica, and I flew in especially for them and my oldest friends
Zerog mechanic sorting scrap metal out for ammo, huh?
You want a Corona?
Question, the, uh, thing with the, uh, metal clamps, that, um
Metallica's playing one North American gig this year
When I was at Metallica, I just had this feeling it was so brief that there was some other kind of life I could be living
And our tech guys were able to pull metadata that established he'd been in contact with insiders
Our tech guys were able to pull metadata that established he'd been in contact with insiders
Heavy metal smile, like living with fucking Terminator
Push the pedal to the metal!
Emergency lockdown is in effect
His weapon of choice metal hook Mm A hook?
That's a that's a poor metaphor That is, but it will do for now
Owner has seven days to get permits and provide a clean living area, and pay for microchips and vaccinations
We're on lockdown, ma'am
Lockdown? What are you talking about?
There's a red metal staircase nearby
Something Simmons has been working on  a potential vaccine
Whether this vaccine works or not, right now, with you here is exactly where I'm supposed to be
There's a metal door
I have a lump of metal rattling about What do you expect?
That is a metaphor, darling
Katherine did manage to calculate a few decimal points further than that hunk of metal
We used a metal spoon at first but it hurt his mouth so we switched to a wooden one
But my metabolism has drastically changed
All it takes is the touch of cold metal
Yeah, and once a week you drag me out of bed like I'm some sort of supernatural metal detector
It was a fucking metaphor, man!
(SIGHS) He moved up the timetable
If you think you have it bad, try remembering you're not the one being held prisoner in a metal box
Zoom?
You almost gave me a coronary
She's talking about an Nth metal meteorite
The lockdown
We put everything on lockdown
If we isolate them from the system, can we get around the lockdown?
I feel like I've been through hell and back, but here I am, dragging a hunk of metal down the street like nothing's changed
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Jesse's my daughter and Zoom has her
We need to train to prepare for Zoom
Look, we're gonna catch Zoom We got Turtle locked up in the pipeline
All we gotta do is use him to figure out how to steal Zoom's speed, and then we'll get your daughter back
This man is the key to us stopping Zoom
We need to figure out how to stop Zoom
When Zoom stole his speed, it affected him on a cellular level
Harry and I were trying to hone my powers to find Zoom
I don't want another person that Zoom, or ReverseFlash, or any of these metahumans, can use against me
If we can catch Zoom, I can get my speed back
Her metabolism must've increased
Yeah, you wanna get some Nike Zooms or some Dunks
Now zoom in on Miami
They're very traumatic, the way they put these metal plates on my head, and then, afterwards it's like I've been erased
I'm willing to work within your metaphor
You When you say you, uh, burned your wings, was that a metaphor?
We talk in metaphors
Maybe it's because you've been humoring his metaphor without fully embracing it
Now, if you're really serious about embracing the metaphor, Linda truly embracing it
And yet, for some reason, I take you seriously, even when you insist on clinging to these ridiculous metaphors
You can take this with you right through the metal detectors and right past security
That little pretentious bit was supposed to be a metaphor for how much I like cute animals
Metaphysics
Metaphysics So you're into metaphysics?
When the pandemic hit, pirates looted the Singaporean reserve bank for gold coins, and this became their currency
Much of this is written in puzzles and metaphor
You missing the metaphor there, Doc?
For New York City, it's April 8th, 2024
If the virus has really mutated, we're looking at another pandemic
We're looking at metadata, largescale browsing patterns, search trends, regional portraits
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
I stole your speed I gave it to Zoom Give me back my daughter
You're the reason I made it this far in my fight against Zoom, and now
A recent increase in Zoom attacks has led Mayor Snart to extend the curfew
Zoom has turned up his reign of terror
All right, then let's find Zoom fast
All right, Zoom
All right, Zoom
Under the leadership of Detective West We will stop Zoom That's a promise
I will go to CCPD as him and see if I can figure out what information they have on Zoom's previous sightings
We can use those sightings to triangulate Zoom's hideout Good
This town belongs to Zoom, and those of us he deems worthy enough to enforce his will
I don't know, like a really wealthy, famous inventor, you know, sort of like the Earth2 Elon Musk
How about spending more time looking for Zoom and less time worrying about what someone who is not you is doing with their life?
Central City's going to hell in a handbasket because this lunatic Zoom is running around killing folks, and you got my daughter on the front lines
So this metahuman is a breacher?
Zoom never stole your speed
The metahuman warning app
Find Zoom's lair Rescue Jesse Get in, get out, not get involved
Find Zoom
Not exactly a model citizen before he was a metahuman
Damn metahumans
That's a big nono as far as Zoom's concerned
I can't believe you two work for Zoom
I work for Zoom
I'm not sure what's worse, the fact that you're part of Zoom's gang, or that weird samurai situation you got going on on the top of your head there
Listen to this What if Zoom wasn't running the show anymore?
Let's turn them over to Zoom
Zoom wanted him alive
You know what Zoom will do if you don't obey him
Listen, the only way to find a treatment or a vaccine is to use the virus
Hospital lockdown is over, Mary
Do you think you'll be able to make some sort of vaccine out of this stuff?
Vaccines are very difficult
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Jesse's my daughter Zoom has her Daddy?
Zoom wanted him alive!
You know what Zoom will do if you don't obey him!
These images and messages went up moments ago throughout Central City by Zoom
You're not safe here, Dr Wells Zoom's looking for you
Zoom took him What?
The three of them almost took down Barry until Zoom showed up, killed Cisco2, killed Deathstorm for hurting a speedster, but then he left Killer Frost alive and then took off with Barry
I think we can tweak these puppies, use them to find Zoom
Ramon, we don't have time for this Zoom is hunting us Zoom is hunting us!
We need to make an alternate plan because if we don't, Zoom is
Oh, Zoom's after us
Zoom?
Why would Zoom be after you?
I'm an enemy of Zoom and need a place to hide when something like this happens Get in Yes, sir
That's Zoom That's Zoom
He's been here since Zoom brought me to this place
Up after the break, earthquakecausing metahuman leaves citizens shaken and wondering where is the Flash?
Not so much when it comes to fighting metahumans
Okay, uh, what if I could get you an exclusive with the metahuman that fought Geomancer?
Well, don't give him too much Your husband tells us you've been tracking Zoom
Zoom is looking for you Why are you going after him?
Zoom has my daughter and our Barry, and we need to rescue them both
Look, I wanna find Zoom just as much as anybody, but no one can track him
The only person who would know where he would be hiding someone would be a meta that's worked with him
I think she'd be more than upset at Zoom for killing him
Look, finding her is gonna be just as hard as finding Zoom
Oh, this is Killer Frost metadata collected from numerous crime scenes
It works on most metas, except for Zoom of course
Barry, Zoom and his followers are the reason that my father is dead
Zoom just showed me how to get out of this thing
Where does Zoom keep his prisoners?
Zoom killed the love of your life
And you think that would make me turn on Zoom?
Where's Zoom's lair?
Zoom took that
That's where Zoom's lair is
Before Zoom comes back
And all of us risked our lives, knowing Zoom was after us, to rescue Jesse and you
Zoom, let them go
Neither do I Zoom is too powerful I can't stop him
Zach usually starts on the mound, but if he's had too many Coronas, his stuff is shit
You're under lockdown
They're officially putting the hospital on lockdown
We're already on lockdown
They're officially putting the hospital on lockdown
How many patients do you have under lockdown?
The hospital lockdown is over
It's a little metaphor called hope, you idiot
You need a vaccine before you get sick
Why didn't the doctors who died have vaccines?
But Bert was here with the rats before the lockdown because you told him it was an emergency
And and Cannerts said when I asked him about a vaccine?
If Thomas is resistant, that could be the key to a vaccine
Even if you're able to develop a vaccine, it could take 12, 18 months?
I thought Thomas didn't get infected because he was resistant to the virus, which would help us make a vaccine
Jake, I've been working since dawn and I realize it's a small comfort, but you should know that what we learned from Katie may eventually lead to a vaccine
Yeah, yeah, but if you help me protect him, you and your guys can be first in line for a vaccine
There's a vaccine?
_ I'm nowhere near having a vaccine, and you know it
You wouldn't be saying that if I had a vaccine, and I'm not gonna apologize for having the guts to try
You and your guys can be first in line for a vaccine
I'm nowhere near having a vaccine, and you know it
All we got to do is use him to figure out how to steal Zoom's speed
We will meet Zoom again
Look, Zoom's still out there
Zoom's still out there He's terrorizing a whole world full of people
You said I should start a life here, right? And Zoom's over there and we're over here
We live in a city full of metahumans who continually do whatever they want
Zoom needed the Flash's speed
Maybe it's another one of Zoom's henchmen somehow?
Jay took it when you were on Earth2 to save the city from a metahuman
This could've helped me take down Zoom It could've helped me save Earth2 Joe
Metahuman Yeah
I want to be fast enough to stop Zoom and any speedster that tries to hurt my friends
I mean, that would explain why Zoom is so much faster than me
He died right in front of us Zoom killed him right in front of us
I guess now would be a good time to tell you all, I've been vibing Zoom
He's Zoom
Now, if my math is correct, and trust me, it is, the next two years that Earth and Thanagar are in sync are 1975 and 2021
One in 1958, one in 1975, and one in 2021
Rampant metastasis, here we come
So it's back to metabolized rotgut and decaying homelessperson
That was the oath you made at the coronation
We had struggle, these kids have vaccinations
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
I saw Jay He's Zoom
As fast as Zoom
All right, so now all we have to do is figure out how to get back to Zoom
Zoom is different than us
Zoom is not tied to anything
Zoom will use that against us Believe me
We're not gonna let Zoom get away with everything that he's done
Faster than Zoom
Zoom is terrorizing this other world, your world
Because he's got a much better chance of defeating Zoom if you're involved
Zoom, getting in your head
It's not Zoom
Zoom's gaining on Barry
And that I was Zoom?
By the time we scale those cliffs, Zoom could already
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Zoom's got her in his lair
Now, Zoom can come through that breach any time he wants
I'm gonna go find Jesse before Zoom does
And when Zoom took me, he said someone The Flash knew cared about me
Zoom hunting us, the metas, moving here
And I may be afraid of Zoom, but
But if he's here, Zoom must need something from him
So, what does Zoom need you for?
You think maybe a metahuman?
And if it's a meta that's after Wells
Zoom will be back any minute
But it wasn't until Zoom took me, that I really thought I was gonna die
You know, once I saw you, I realized why Zoom didn't kill me
Okay, no, but the metahuman activity would be I mean, the watch is designed to track metas, right?
And then Zoom took you and I snapped
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Which is exactly how Zoom and his henchmen got here in the first place
Should Zoom return, if Zoom returns, when Zoom returns, there is only one way to do it, and that's by getting your speed back
Zoom had him
He's Zoom
Someone has to worry about Zoom
Zoom!
Caitlin's with Zoom
Slaughtered a bunch of policemen, then recruited every metahuman he could find
You saw what Zoom did on my Earth
This is about the people in Central City, about saving those people This is about stopping Zoom
Joe, he's goes up against Zoom?
Another metahuman under Zoom's control from my Earth
Okay, well, Zoom must've lied to fake Dante and told him I was the one who killed Reverb, 'cause dude wants me dead
Having The Flash might be the best way to stop Zoom and all the metas he's sending over
Look, I know you can't help as The Flash, but stopping one of Zoom's cronies sends him a message that we won't be intimidated
What, you're like a metahuman?
CCPN has learned that a metahuman was just apprehended after an altercation with The Flash
My name is Zoom
So Zoom can take us again?
Next, he'll recruit every metahuman he can find, and then force them to do what he wants
This is the list of metahumans from my Earth
I told you he'd recruit metahumans, we've seen him do that
One of those cops that Zoom killed tonight, he had a son
I left this city unprotected by giving up my powers to Zoom
Eastern Europe does not need Russian gas Ukraine 
Look closely, sir Zoom to 500%
Well, I'm just saying, maybe there's something about it that I'm not figuring out, or, like, it's a metaphor
For what it's worth, that was shaping up to be a really nice metaphor
I've placed him on 24/7 lockdown at USP Terre Haute
I've gotten so many vaccines because of what I have to do
It's believed to sniff out metal
You know how for years the NSA's been saying they only collect metadata from phone conversations?
An exertioninduced coronary
But then it appeals to people like me, with death metal tendencies
I mean, it took me a while to get over your metal music, and your arts and crafts, and your sweaters with animals on them
Can you zoom in on this? Blow it up?
I told you, it's cool, man Okay, look, here, I'm gonna gonna turn around Don't have a coronary
If all I had were metastases, I'd be cool
Shouldn't we get vaccinations? As if we need them!
That was a metaphor!
All you need is wood, rope, pulleys, and sheet metal from the local hardware store
That's right, for a metal surface
Pause it there Can you zoom in?
I mean, that's supposed to be, you know, like, a metaphor
Some kind of metal?
So our metallurgist broke down the lead that was found on William Dowd
Can you zoom in any closer on the patterns on Ethan's body?
Why that combo of heavy metals?
(metallic clatter)
(metal scraping)
She had some pretty deep cuts, possibly from metal or glass
The building is on temporary lockdown
The building is on temporary lockdown
Did he just say lockdown?
This lockdown is a smokescreen
Sorry, can we just, like, wait this lockdown out, please?
It's on the other end of this floor, but because of the lockdown, all the halls are blocked with steel barriers
So the building systems think we're in a drill, but if there was a real emergency, that would override the lockdown and initiate an evacuation protocol
This should bypass the lockdown, get me basic system access
This is Assistant Director Shaw Initiate lockdown
When animals use the stored fat, the toxins circulate around the body, interfering with reproduction, metabolism growth, kidney and liver function
Well, we're gonna do a full sweep of the house with a metal detector, right, Carl?
It's a metaphor
A Cabbage Patch Kid possessed by a demon or Teddy Ruxpin with a Metallica tape in him?
Well, I mean, it really depends what Metallica tape we're talking about,
Does you food have a metallic aftertaste?
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
His skin changed It turned to metal
My friends are in danger from Zoom
But, you know, we had to keep the dead metahumans somewhere
Zoom is on a rampage with the power that he stole from me and you are keeping me here
Our accelerator experiment seems to have reanimated one of the dead metas in our morgue
The bully from school who turned into the metal man?
Whoa, Cisco's metahuman alert app is going crazy
Before I arrived on your Earth, I was in a fight with a man named Zoom
I saw Jay He's Zoom
And now this with your dad and Zoom
Guys, Zoom's still out there
Look, if you can vibe the future, we need to stop Zoom before that happens
Zoom
I told you that Zoom needed to be the best
So, Zoom wants to race you?
This isn't just about racing Zoom, is it?
You race Zoom on his terms, you'll lose
Using our plan to take down Zoom without Barry, that's gonna be the hard part
We stop Zoom
Zoom took Dad
How? We tried to stop Zoom by pushing him through the breach, but he took Joe with him
Wait, you You tried to stop Zoom alone?
Wally, before Zoom took Dad, we all agreed that if we got him off this Earth, we would close the breaches for good and we would never open them again,
I became Zoom, the fastest man alive
Allen, you're not racing Zoom!
Look, I know you guys made a pact to keep Zoom on Earth2, but you did that without me and Wally
Because it seems to me you wanna do more than stop Zoom
Just say when, Zoom
It's not something that I can do every day, but I needed a way to draw the Time Wraiths out of the Speed Force, hoping they'd be more upset at what Zoom had done than they'd be at me
Same way Zoom did it
Thank you, all of you, for saving me from Zoom
There you go And this doodad is also called a metal detector
If there's a bullet in his body, the metal detector will help find it
Zoom in on this one
Actually, it was coronary atherosclerosis
This diagonal crease in the ear lobe is a common sign of coronary artery disease
See, the hand was severed from the carpometacarpal joint, exposed ulna and radius bone
She has gone full metal Nixon
Amex gave me this crazy new card that's made out of black metal
So if the United States lifts the sanctions and is prepared to meet their demands for industrial metals for the next 25 years, the Chinese might might be prepared to discuss Tibet
Let's just take the algorithm, jam it into a metal fucking box, stick it in the back of a data center somewhere, so it can't connect to anything, and it just sits there and no one even knows it's there
When you say metal box, you're talking about a rackmounted servertype appliance?
I was clearly establishing a poker metaphor, you just changed it to a game of chicken
[metal clattering] Ana?
They hated all the fourthwallbreaking meta jokes
Of course Audiences hate meta jokes When will comedy writers learn?
A metaphor
Yeah, I think the metal thing's supposed to go inside the milk
Zoom?
Metahuman
Now, thanks to Barry, the National City Police Department has a way to lock up metahumans
Now, I would like to discuss your coronation
A long period between accession and coronation was of great value to your father
We discussed the end of rationing of sugar, butter and meat, the situation in Korea, and the date of my coronation
Why would he want to delay my coronation?
There is also a brief moment before the Coronation where you might also mobilize Cabinet support for the one other thing that has eluded me and gnaws away at my heart
It is I'd like you to come aboard my Coronation Committee
It's the Coronation
I never had a coronation
I have asked you to join me because I have made a decision regarding the Coronation Committee, which is that I would like my husband to be the Chairman of that Committee
He ran your father's coronation, his father ran your grandfather's
And running the coronation, it's what the Norfolks do
The coronation
What about the coronation?
I will therefore not be attending the coronation of my own niece
I'm aware that it's normal for no reigning monarchs to be present at a coronation
I'm not going to let your coronation be like this
And I think your coronation should reflect that
I'd like to start by saying how very honoured I feel to be working with all the great minds and talents here in this room today as we come together to organize the very best coronation for my wife,
In such circumstances, the temptation is to roll out the red carpet and follow the precedents set by the grand and successful coronations of the past
Britain today is not the Britain of past coronations
Assumptions made at the time of my fatherinlaw's coronation 17 years ago cannot be made anymore
Zoom lenses
In a trimmeddown televised coronation?
Bringing with them with golden canopy to shield Her Majesty from view, during the most sacred of the coronation rituals, the anointing
Everything metal has to go through the machine
That metaphorical concept will not give Dr Hodgins the use of his legs
It's a vaccine for the virus
Metal cable, it snapped
There are no bad ideas, but waving a metal shovel around in an electrical storm could have a downside, so let's put it back in the garage, huh?
I'm gonna talk a little bit about timetables now
They are the kids who were picking up scrap metal
or asking a question? but you had to drag all those equipment to take pictures of yourselves giving out petty vaccines
I packed enough MMR vaccines So, don't worry
Once everyone is vaccinated, the threat level will be lowered, from Warning to Concern
It will arrive with the preventive vaccines, so it should soon
The vehicle carrying the preventive vaccines was stolen
Any kind of metal to conduct the signal, a To be continued
The cemetary there is a paradise
Everybody must go into lockdown This is not a drill
Our water contains many toxic metals that are harming our people
I bet these sticky little monsters aren't even vaccinated
Oh, really? Well, why don't I vaccinate your ass with my shoe?
Vaccinate my ass? Yeah
Human beings are not cast metal, Mr Hackman
And also near the coronal suture
Then we should test for heavy metals and pesticides
Dr Hodgins, can you determine the kind of car based on the carpet fibers and the metal alloy?
Whoa, the James Hetfield from Metallica?
(Metallica's Master of Puppets playing)
(Metallica's All Nightmare Long plays)
The dagger that killed Tancredi belongs to Lupo Corona
Corona!
Corona!
Take the Corona guard back there
You had your man break into and loot the home of Lupo Corona
Corona's loyal guard confirmed it with his dying breath
I want every embassy and consulate on lockdown
That'sthat's, uh, it chelates heavy metals, right? Uh, Prussian
addicts afraid to believe the truth that there is no order, there's no power, that all religions are just metastasizing mind worms meant to divide us so it's easier to rule us by the charlatans that want to run us
No signs of damage to the glass or metalwork
Commencing lockdown on all docking bays
It's a hadrosaur metacarpal for his dinosaur bone collection
Pull the sauce, Big Al, or Monday morning, the city's here with a bulldozer, and your grandson goes to a school with a metal detector
The widow gasped and steadied herself on the granite kitchen island, a fitting metaphor for how alone she felt, despite being walking distance to a vibrant shopping district and wonderful schools
Who needs a campfire when we've got a metal box full of gray water?
We are gonna sic Legal Zoom on your ass!
What we've done is we've hooked these vents up to a metallurgical blast furnace
Let me check the metadata and see if we can access where he was listening to it
There's only three suspects, and they're locked into a little metal tube
The way he's changing, the heightened metabolism, accelerated healing
Metaphoricallyspeaking, yeah, I'm comfortable with that characterization
So, the physical size difference may be a metaphor for unapproachable love?
Heavy metal?
Stupid Joji was in a heavy metal band
You know, I had to quit my heavy metal band when I married her
Just like you and heavy metal, I'm trying to figure myself out
I thought Chobi's small size was a metaphorical expression
It's part of the standard vaccination regimen Is Shiloh vaccinated? No
We feel vaccinations pose a serious risk as well
Terry's probably sick because her immune system is shot from a lifetime of vaccinations
There's no evidence the HIB vaccine has any negative side effects
Kids get the vaccine when they're babies Who knows what the longterm effects will be?
So no child should be vaccinated, right?
You trot out this pseudoscience, but what you really want is for every other kid to be vaccinated so yours can be safe
You know they're never gonna vaccinate their other kids after that, right?
It covers that metal plate that's screwed to his radius
They were already on a plane to the Ukraine to be sold in their black market
So there is no plane to the Ukraine?
For polished metal?
Along with the myriad doomsday scenarios that haunt ordinary preppersglobal pandemic, nuclear holocaust, socialist zombies coming to eat their gunsthe wealthy ones also worry that the poor are gonna rise up with torches and pitchforks
It's even got a timetable
Just like I'm glad there's a polio vaccine, but I wouldn't want to be the rat that tried it first
It's a metaphor! It's your heart that's frozen
We've got the kiwis, Ukraine, sudan, half a dozen other delegations
We also have the metaphysical power: Hatred
It's a chelation solution that sort of leeches out the heavy metals in the organs, and especially the skin, and helps you pee 'em out
Like if a grown man was chasing you with a big stick that's shaped like a knife but made out of metal?
[Chen] The thing that separates us is a metaphor as well
They tried to clear his metabolic acidosis with fluids, but he had a pH of
Morning Darrgen Sheet Metal
Metaphorically speaking
Metal detectors?
[both strain] [lock hisses] [metal creaks] Come on
I thought this was just religious metaphor, but what if it's true?
Eh, think of it like a vaccination Do it and get it over with
There are fractures on his clavicle, his ribs, his anterior tibial crest, multiple foot fractures, including the calcaneus, the talus, the metatarsals, and the phalanges
Is that the head? Zooming in
The pandemic, the millions of deaths, the complete collapse of law and order demands a revolution of governance
Although stepped out is perhaps more of a metaphor
Victor Yushchenko, former president of Ukraine
Until he pushed for Ukraine's membership into NATO, and the KGB slipped dioxin into his food
Stem cells in the skin formed new tissue called harmatomas, expressing high levels of dioxinmetabolizing enzymes, isolating the dioxin away from your vital organs
God, I love how even the metaphors in this business are sexist
Get your beers right there into the metal paws Come on
The latest from Central City, where the mysterious metahuman criminal, known only as the Rival is once again terrorizing the populous with his incredible speed
I have everything Zoom took
I had this other coronation to go to, but screw that guy
Engage the defence system, total lockdown
Lockdown engaged
This is Metatron
I did some of my best work with you, Metatron
There's nothing special about you, Metatron
You know, you really are a terrific editor, Metatron
You're Metatron?
The Metatron?
Metatron
All right, Metatron
Metatron, scribe of God
Metatron, are we getting any closer?
Meanwhile, I'm gonna zoom in on her
Zoom in
Well, my metaphor's way better, but, yeah
Craig: Maybe you wanna get some Nike zooms or some dunks
You know? I would love to see smurf on her knees right now, getting metal sparks in her hair and shit
It's metal
The ER docs pumped 260 milliliters of soy sauce from his stomach, enough to cause fatal salt poisoning, if he'd had the time to metabolize it
You know, I would love to see Smurf on her knees right now, getting metal sparks in her hair and shit
It's metal
Celebrate the fact that we don't have to go through a metal detector to bring him his cake this year
Oh, ow (metal creaking) It's shifting
Made out of metal
[metal clanging]
How close are you to formulating a workable vaccine?
Gideon, put the ship on lockdown!
Lockdown mode activated
Why didn't your vaccine work?
Plus, I still have the vaccine
Or are you gonna keep talking in metaphors?
Yeah, I know what a metaphor is
What if they were trying to pit us against each other in order to gain intel about metahumans?
Metas pose the biggest threat to their invasion
Perhaps they were searching your minds for potential metahuman vulnerabilities
There has been a recent emergence of metahumans on your planet
The reason the xenomorphs are here is because they have a beef with the metahumans
If your friend does not turn himself in, we will have no choice but to deploy a weapon that will exterminate all metahumans
If they're that threatened by metahumans, it's hard to believe they'd be satisfied with just one
And if he does, what's the collateral damage of the metabomb?
Projected casualty count is around 2 million nonmetahumans
You appear to be a metahuman as well
Metas are protecting this planet
It's the metabomb
Because the ships were a distraction to keep us from stopping the metabomb
I Believe Ms Lance intends for us to transmute the metabomb into something harmless
Know that metahuman or not, masked or not, each and every one of you is a hero
Metahuman or not, superpowers or not, you are Earth's mightiest heroes
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
So we're looking for a meta with superstrength?
Again, Julian, not my theory, and the meta could've been wearing gloves
Blood pressure, heart rate, metabolic rate all excellent
And she spent months on this very Earth watching Barry Allen defeat meta after meta after meta
And Zoom And all of a sudden, bam!
You're a meta
Do you know how many metas there have been so far?
But it's not one that I've found in any other metahuman samples that I've studied
You're a metahuman
There's a guy creating metahumans Innocent people
That damn metahuman freak nearly killed me
Maybe there's an invisible meta
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
After defeating Zoom and saving the multiverse,
Like a meta with telekinesis or cloaking abilities
Our metahuman specialist at CCPD,
I mean, it's gonna take more than speed to take down some of these metas
Metahuman related, I assume?
Apparently, he's a meta who can travel through mirrors
Evan McCulloch Wasn't a meta, though
You need a genius, I guess, to help you in your fight against these awful metahominids
She's a metahuman who induces vertigo and I lost my balance
Metahuman alert
We got another bad meta right where he belongs
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
After defeating Zoom and saving the multiverse,
What are you doing here? Julian Albert, MetaHuman CSI specialist?
I don't know, does 30 hits downtown on the metahuman app count?
Every metahuman we've encountered has been exactly that, metahuman
It's bad enough we have the metas destroying the city
They started manifesting a few months ago, but I'm assuming I got them when the particle accelerator exploded, just like all the other metas
So then the Flash, my Flash again, not your Flash, we hatched a plan to gather all the remaining metahumans into one place for a final showdown
All I know now is that he dislikes metahumans about as much as he dislikes me
Someone in this city has to do something about these metas
We have a whole police force working to stop these metas
So, it's not just bad metas you don't like It's all the metas
Some meta's been gifted this incredible power, and this is the very best thing they can do with it, terrorize a city
But why exactly do you hate metas so much?
I'm not, okay? I don't need a deep, personal reason to hate metas, Allen
Sorry, I mean, I'm just saying, it can't be easy being a metahuman, having your life, their lives change in ways that, you know, neither one of us could possibly imagine
What about stopping all the metas on your Earth?
Metahumans I don't know a single thing about metahumans
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
You've been reassigned to metahuman crime scene investigation full time
We need them to stop the metahumans
You're okay with Barry having powers, you're okay with Barry running into danger, fighting all these metas
Huh? So a meta from Neverland's made the trip to Central City Fabulous
Clariss was a metahuman This victim doesn't appear to be
Do we know if this shadow meta is from the particle accelerator explosion or from Doctor Alchemy?
Is this some sort of, um, bold fashion choice, 'cause you're not a metahuman
It's like we're metafrenemies
Unless he sends another meta to Central City to attack, then we're in trouble
If that's true, that means Alchemy is gonna be sending another one of his metas soon
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
After defeating Zoom and saving the multiverse,
'Cause you're not a metahuman
Wait, do you know who the meta is?
She's a meta
She's a meta, and not one of the friendly ones
Julian man, I know that you think that getting powers is this binary game, that you're either good or evil, but life isn't like that, even for metas
So, what can you tell me about our our meta friend?
Initiate immediate lockdown and have all prisoners return to their cells
MAKING BOMB, WORKING WITH ELECTRONIC, WELDING METAL
So you're one of them, a metahuman
Moment he showed up, metas start appearing everywhere
Because none of you are metahumans
Um, spasm on your coronary artery
Could it just be that his poor liver function is preventing him from metabolizing the lorazepam?
Metastic hepastatic carcinoma
Both schools have metal detectors because the kids keep bringing guns
Uhuh This phone is on lockdown in pocket town
My mum's gonna kill me And before you say it, that's not a metaphor
Well you'd think cause of death would be the giant chunks of metal sticking out of her head, but no, she was strangled
That sort of thing That's all a metaphor, right?
Rewind zoom in
It's a metaphor used by Adam Smith to describe social benefits arising from individual actions
One of the characteristics of Nitroguanidine is the tendency to corrode metal, as well as a very distinctive smell like latex paint
You do know they used metal screws in your hand in the surgery five years ago, right?
MMR vaccines
MMR vaccine?
In Russia, we don't do vaccines
Vaccines are the greatest medical invention of all time No polio, no smallpox, no measles
Don't give vaccine to all babies, just some
Is that a new washer/dryer gettin' delivered to Frank? Even the homeless get better stuff than us Okay, so which one of you little titans is getting vaccinated first?
So we're going to need copper, metal alloy, and what else? Ed:
The liberation of Old Town has challenged our timetable
But that's okay It vaccinated me No, I was glad
It was a small metal box
It was a small metal box
But you said it was a metal pipe striking the door?
Which is why I called Mr Fuji, and he said that a large man with a metal hand
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
After defeating Zoom and saving the multiverse,
All right, well, Alchemy is Savitar's high priest and he gets his power from the stone that he uses to create meta, so I was thinking if we can find out what that thing is, maybe we can figure out how to stop him
As far as I know, Savitar is the first meta with speed
Turning innocent people into metahumans, worshipping this Savitar?
The unexplained absences, your passion for metas
[metallic scraping] Lo siento, hermano
Which was obviously a metaphor for good souls going to heaven and garbage souls going to the big fiery basement
You think everything I say is a metaphor
Pesky supernatural metabolism keeps getting in the way
But it's not a metaphor,
No more metaphors
Yes, I sort of wish we were back to talking in metaphors
Well, technically, that's not true, but I understand the basic metaphor Hey!
And he has the digital marketplace on lockdown, Lucious
Well, good news, uh, there's nothing on angel radio, and Heaven's still on lockdown, so rogue angel is out
Why not give hair metal another shot?
Not metaphorically?
Well, you're welcome to all the copper and metal alloy that you want, but I'm going to need some money to score some gold
The board members of a private space agency lead by Elon Musk,
I do think it is important that we as a species, as a civilization, are on a path to become a true spacefar ELON MUSK:
Elon Musk's position is that humans cannot survive indefinitely on Earth, and there are a lot of threats to the continuation of human life on Earth
I've downloaded your timetable
St Louis White House remains on virtual lockdown, with no comments from his aides and no further information to support the President's statement
Can you zoom in?
It's a mixed metaphor
You can't even decide on a metaphor
Voydian tries to get me intel on the Russians' raid in Ukraine and now the Ukrainian president is dead?
It's all metaphorical
Demons are metaphors
But they found his dna on his metal hip
Because that's what it was named when ukraine was part of rusa
No signal Which should be expected cos we're in a metal box
We gotta get out of the metal box
This is where being in a metal box works in our favor
Which electrically grounds the ship, causing a spark in the metal hull
Yes, and then I'm riding it back to Europe for the coronation 'cause there's nothing like a tight, enclosed space with a bunch of stuffed shirts
its return trip to Europe and the king's coronation
And in this world of open carry and daily lockdowns,
Flux core, metal arc, gas arc, tungsten, mig, tig
Or do you mean disasters like penicillin, vaccination and the internet?
But Elon Musk from Tesla and physicist Stephen Hawking all warn us, Be careful of artificial intelligence
This is your human rights mission to Ukraine
The Metaphysics of Morals by Immanuel Kant
The rash is just a common reaction to a vaccine, but I can come over and check on him later, if you'd like
We have a shiny metallic object in the shape of an egg
Ancient astronaut theorists point out that, while the third eye has historically been considered a metaphor, there is an eggshaped structure within the brain that is critical in defining what it means to be human: the thalamus
Long live Metallo
Metallo isn't just flesh and blood anymore
Cadmus has given him a metal endoskeleton
Film of radiation commonly associated with contact to promethium, the strongest metal known to man
I'm sure they'll figure out a way to find Metallo soon
We ID'ed the material Cadmus used to create Metallo's endoskeleton
So, at the moment Metallo's on his own
It's over, Metallo
I know what to do about Metallo Both Metallos
Sorry, MoMo, but we're on information lockdown
Step right up and get your nametags
Do you remember the taste of metal in the air?
Equipment detected that there was metal inside this hidden chamber
Other equipment detected that there was metals inside this hidden chamber
Gold, silver, and other types of metallic objects, suggesting very strongly that we're dealing with some kind of a tomb
There's security guards everywhere, metal detectors at the door
His blood contains the antibodies for a zombie vaccine
[laughs] Is that a fact or a metaphor?
Let's not get too metaphorical, eh
Well, I think you mean metaphysical
BUT NO PRECIOUS WARTIME METAL WAS SACRIFICED,
Look in the trains timetable, she won't make it
Let me zoom in
When Elon Musk decided I'm gonna go off and build my own rocket company, everyone thought he was crazy
Elon Musk wants to be able to fire a rocket into orbit, launch a payload into space and then fire retro rockets, and bring that rocket down to land vertically and reuse it
Suddenly we heard a squeaking metallic sound
So a flying dragon sometimes described with metallic skin, one has to wonder do we have descriptions of nuts and bolts machines?
Mount Baigong appears to be an artificial pyramid with three triangular entrances going inside this mountain pyramid, and inside are all of these metallic pipes
The floor of these caves are littered with metallic parts
This could only really be either much harder rock, which it can't be because of the mass of the Moon, or alternatively a metal sphere of some kind which is preventing more damage
Does the uniform depth of the craters on the Moon suggest some sort of metallic barrier underneath moon rock and dust? NARRATOR:
Once vaccinated, they are no longer attracted to you
Can you choose whether to be bitten or get the vaccine?
Vaccines only now
The inoculator will cut a small incision in your upper arm and apply the vaccine
The vaccine takes care of all that
Doctor Merch is making him a blend vaccine so he can control people without biting them
Maybe it's the original vaccine
If he has thousands of doses of vaccine, all he needs are live bodies
A vaccine that was developed by an infected scientist
Zombie moat is filling up Vaccinations are happening
How were you able to avoid my control after you were vaccinated?
I thought I was having a coronary event, you out chasing a killer like that
Five cases, kids who were never vaccinated
David had a massive coronary and died a few months ago
CBC, metabolic panel, a urinalysis,
Oh It's incredibly rare to see the actual metamorphosis
IPad lockdown
A box, a locked metal box given to me by a very important person at home
So Rey Torres and those three gang members were killed over some metal box?
Was this object in a metal box?
This metal rail's been bent in two places, here, 64 inches apart
Even if the metal isn't up to standard, wouldn't that take a tank?
Ukraine, Ivan Asimov, Line 4 99
A very critical mistake has been made in the 9th shot Ukraine's Asimov athlete got 102
Zoom in on him a little more
It's a metaphor, but, yeah, I do
(metal music in background) SNIPER:
The UnSub's escalating If he sticks to his timetable, that means he could be hunting right now
Yeah, I didn't want to say anything before, but based on a metallic aroma from those mints we got from Eddie's car, I did a preliminary tox screen
Zoom in right there
WhWhat timetable did he give you?
Seems like he's blown it up to get a better look He's looped it, zoomed in
Poor thing, he's a genius when it comes to physics, but when it comes to metaphysics, he's a little slow
(GROANS) The bars are made from Nth metal from Thanagar
All the lights, pods zooming by
Keys, belt, any metal
My chest is pounding, and I'm slick from sweat classic coronary event symptoms
I really need the kids' vaccination dates
Well, the metallic green paint under his fingernails tells us a different story
Some of the material was a strange thin metal similar to foil, except when crumpled up into a ball, it would bounce back to its flawless state
Marcel also claims the metal was not the same material featured in newspaper photographs being held by his grandfather
Scientists working at the University of California announce the creation of a new metal that is strong and lightweight, but also flexible and resistant to extremely high temperatures
While this miracle metal is unlike any alloy developed before, some believe its description is actually familiar, and that it may be a match to the strange material allegedly retrieved by Major Jesse Marcel from the infamous Roswell crash
The pipeline is in lockdown
The program's called metabolic enhancement for neurodegeneration, and results from earlier tests are hopeful, not just to slow the disease but to actually reverse it
All negative for common medications and their metabolites
Why didn't you come to the coronation?
Wonderful Lockdown's in 15 minutes
Dense inert metal explosives
This metal box is on US soil, and it's overflowing with evidence incriminating you
It's a metaphor Oh, fine
Found it All right Metal thing
'Cause you're doing a super job in your new role in Full Metal Jackass
So Kelly grabbed a piece of metal and, uh Hi
I was obviously speaking metaphorically Right
We've found a number of possible bullet scratches on a metal panel on one of the ships
A metal detector has been installed there
At 300 meters, take a left after the blue metal gates
You know, if you hadn't, I'd still be running in place, or treading water, or I don't know, pick a metaphor
Is there a timetable for this sort of thing?
No, but the security has been alerted and the building is in lockdown
Another 14 minutessame timetable he gave Agent Navabi to get the money
They're metallic and can be as small as a grain of sand
And meteoroids, metallic space sand
It looked like he lost his balance, hit his head on the sharp edge of a metal table and bled out
It's metallic
It says the elderly victim took a fall, hit his head on a metal table and bled out
We started taking Xrays We noticed dense metaphyseal lines in Misty's arm
It's metal or ceramic, maybe some kind of toy
I'm pretty sure it's a coronary That's it
[Metal Clangs]
If we administer steroids, then without being able to metabolize,
Well, zoom in
For 250 years, the Spanish send these fleets to the New World, trading for gold, silver, emeralds, pearls, all sorts of precious metals and gemstones
We found out that the Spanish Treasure Fleet carried millions of dollars of jewels and precious metals to Spain
I've been planning this meal for a week, and I need help, and there's no way we're taking off for the South Seas or the Ukraine
It's not the Ukraine
When this system was built, they used a liquid metal process made of sodium and potassium
If this thing falls, the pipes break, liquid metal exposed
Uh, I know what you're thinking, but even if we could get it to the ocean, liquid metal can't have contact with water or it'll explode
Sodium metal can be stored in oil
It's a metaphor
The real issue is microfractures in the metallic crystal lattice
You want to bail out of this metaphor, don't you?
(farts) Zoom!
Zoom
Zoom, Jimmy
Hey Zoom, Jimmy!
Well, I just spent six hours in a middle seat on something called Zoom Airlines, so I am as surprised as you are
You can't tell the difference between metal and wood? Not when it comes to a cabinet
I like it, very meta
I don't know how to zoom in!
The light isn't good and I don't know how to zoom in
We have to zoom in
Let's go Rich's blood turned up traces of a malaria vaccine
This is a confirmation, not a coronation
And zoom in
The vaccine will sterilize you
NASA, for example, cares only about saving the human race, not about mining for rare metals
My head was still covered, but I could hear a metal clanging
like a repetitive metal clanging
This ward is specifically designed to go into emergency lockdown
All I got to show for it is a false pregnancy, heavy metals in my blood and a missed trip to Ireland
Metal tearing
Nice of you to gain weight for the party! Zoom! Great
As a kid, I was taught never to stick anything metal in an outlet, and that's very good advice
Is that tomorrow thing a metasphor?
No, it's not a metasphor Tomorrow means tomorrow
I'm trading calls trying to get you a better timetable
I think you meant metaphorically
I have a thing for women with low metabolic rates
It's a metaphor for selfesteem and community
During this period their metabolism, heart rate, and body temperature are all reduced
These 150feethigh metal structures are now full of life
Do you know who Elon Musk is?
Metal detectors, reinforced doors, a ton of guards
This building is now on lockdown
This metal mesh
Zoom in there
I may see metaphorical glimpses that can be interpreted in several ways, but usually, something bad happens
Let's leap off the metaphoric cliff
Well I'm going about a million miles an hour and I'm in a metal box on a track made of sticks and I don't know the last time the thing has been inspected
When he's zooming down the hill, he experiences negative G's which are moments of weightlessness
CHARLIE: Cool science word, nonferrous metals
They're metals that can't be magnetized, like stainless steel, copper, and aluminum
Alright so we got the braking system down, but I feel like we need a huge input of energy right off the bat to go zooming down that launch track
Magnets can slow a roller coaster when they come into contact with nonferrous metals such as copper
Corona General Hospital in Queens
Did you see my text about Corona General? I did
She was at Corona General the same time I was
Mrs Moore called a number of doctors at Corona General in the weeks preceding
At least metaphorically, like I'm sure you manipulated many
A metaphor!
It's not a metaphor He meant it literally
It's a metaphor that means the essence of something doesn't change regardless of the situation
I bizarrely liked the metallic smell of barbells that I smelled for the first time
Metal cooking plates!
However, if you simply love lifting that cold, heavy metal,
After a long time, someone from Haneul Sports University will get a gold metal
We lift heavy lumps of metal
We lift heavy lumps of metal
I liked the metallic smell of the barbells
It means using vaccinations to protect humans; that is called Artificial Immune System
Dear ladies and gentlemen, the legislative package, suggested by the President of Ukraine, is put to the vote
The 90s are back in Ukraine If someone thinks
Welcome to Ukraine
Don't be surprised My Grandma was from Ukraine
Oh Then welcome to Ukraine, Mr Otto
The main hobbit of Ukraine is coming for you
It's traditional for Ukraine
For the heat and power authority? For Azovmetal?
Ukraine's glory has not yet died
We are voting for the candidature of Sergey Leonidovich Karasiuk for the post of the Prime Minister of Ukraine
Ukraine needed to get the IFM loan, with the majority of votes
Ukraine will never have any problems
You can't build Ukraine simply by talking
It was covered in metal plates hundreds of years before ironclad ships would be seen in Europe or America
The metal plates also had vicious iron spikes sticking out of them
Not only did the enemies trying to board the ship have to deal with the metal spikes, there was also a great dragon's head that spewed gases that may have been poisonous
Sometimes I'd get home from work and I'd change into my rock and roll tshirt and I'd go to the bar and smoke weed and listen to Norwegian death metal like some teenager who wanted to blow up his high school
I came back with a metal plate in my head
This metal plate should've been covering the well
Metal plate?
Ukraine
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
The Security Service of Ukraine does And it will soon present it to you
Mr Minister, the European Council's session on novisa regime for Ukraine is about to start in several hours
Yes, I can confirm My client has no real estate in Ukraine
WE'VE GOT A NOVISA REGIME UKRAINE IS EUROPE
Ukraine goes to Europe in spite of the skeptics
Ukraine has been granted novisa regime
Glory to Ukraine!
The mattress is recommended by the Association of Trauma Doctors and Orthopedists of Ukraine
THE PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
I'm at the G7 Summit Everyone is talking about Ukraine's success
The mattress is recommended by the Association of Trauma Doctors and Orthopedists of Ukraine
The people come back to Ukraine
The people are coming back to Ukraine
Are you here, in Ukraine, at work?
They must open their eyes at how promising Ukraine's economy can be
The plan on realization of our dream, to have successful and selfreliable Ukraine
UKRAINE OF THE FUTURE
Today Ukraine is an economic and financial raw diamond
Having heard at an open trial at the Kyiv Pechersk Distruct Court the case of Chuiko Yuri Ivanovich charged with committing the crime based on Article 368 Part 3 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine, the court rendered a decision
But at the same time the court found him guilty of the crime mentioned in Article 365, Part 1 and Article 366, Part 3 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine
Ukraine is an official candidate for getting the IMF loan Really?
I hope you do understand that the near future and further destiny of Ukraine depends on us and us only
Dear colleagues, since ancient times the geographical position of Ukraine has been attracting unwelcome guests, like Mongols, Tatars, and fascists
As they fly above Ukraine to the warm countries, they spread the infection of the bird flu throughout Ukraine
And scheming on vaccines for cancer patients wasn't below you?
Dear colleagues, since ancient times the geographical position of Ukraine has been attracting unwelcome guests, like Mongols, Tatars, and fascists
When Jews became experts on metallurgy
The birds that fly over Ukraine are healthy
Owing to our fruitful work, the problem of bird flu in Ukraine is solved
While Ukraine is falling into an abyss,
Right Clearly, they discuss the problems of the private sector and Ukraine's economy day and night
It will be either Ukraine or Greece
The IMF representative, Helga Rasmussen, is concerned about weak anticorruptive efforts in Ukraine
Ukraine's chances on getting a loan from IMF will be rather poor
The government of Ukraine has immediately reacted to the IMF criticism
Ukraine
So, Ukraine is a wonderful and rich country
Comparing to Ukraine, it's practically Eden
The garbage dumps are 180% full in Ukraine
It's obvious now that Ukraine will get a 15 billion loan from IMF
Dear Ukrainians! First of all, as the President of Ukraine,
Ukraine's glory has not yet died
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
is a mandatory condition of IMF for Ukraine to receive a 15 billion loan
Dear ladies and gentlemen, the legislative package, suggested by the President of Ukraine, is put to the vote
Dear colleagues, once again the legislative package suggested by the President of Ukraine, is put to the vote
Ukraine is the world's top meat, corn and milk exporter
Everything will be all right in the entire territory of Ukraine, from Donbass to the Transcarpathia region, from Simferopol to the Seychelles
In the entire territory of the United States of Ukraine
The 90s are back in Ukraine
Don't be surprised My Grandma was from Ukraine
Oh Then welcome to Ukraine, Mr Otto
The main hobbit of Ukraine is coming for you
It's traditional for Ukraine
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Let us vote on the nomination of Sergey Karasiuk for Prime Minister of Ukraine
The Parliament was unable to override the President's veto, meaning that Sergey Karasiuk did not become Prime Minister of Ukraine
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
The Security Service of Ukraine is handling it, a special operation is being prepared
In that case, I nominate Sergey Leonidovich Karasiuk for the office of the Prime Minister of Ukraine
Or the Heat and Power authority? Azovmetal?
So you're telling me that if I bring you a bag with 50 thousand dollars in it, it will affect the IMF's decision on whether to approve another loan for Ukraine?
So you're telling me that if I bring you a bag with 50 thousand dollars in it, it will affect the IMF's decision on whether to approve another loan for Ukraine?
The Supreme Court has ruled the privatization of Azovmetal illegal
42 canceled flights, thousands of tourists unable to return to Ukraine
President of Ukraine, Vasily Petrovich Goloborodko!
I put to the vote the candidacy of Sergey Leonidovich Karasiuk for the position of the Prime Minister of Ukraine
It can now be said that Ukraine has been sans prime minister for two months
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
I love Ukraine
Ukraine will never have any problems again
You can't build Ukraine up with talk alone
Only then will Glory to Ukraine
Emmanuel Macron Ukraine bites the hand that feeds it
Theresa May The behavior of the President of Ukraine is ungentlemanlike
But we also want to know if the terms not contained in the official records had really been offered to Ukraine during the meeting
Unfortunately, we were left without any comments from the Minister of Foreign Affairs, so all we know is that Ukraine didn't get a 15 billion loan and that right now it's risking its reputation at the international level
He can, if he's offered to kill the agriculture and turn Ukraine into a nuclear waste dump
The coronation of Napoleon 1804
The oligarchs have been tearing Ukraine apart for two more years
The new Prime Minister of Ukraine
Today, the Security Service of Ukraine arrested Mikhail Roizman
In Ukraine I lured him out
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
The President of Ukraine Vasily Petrovich Goloborodko resigned
At the moment, according to the Constitution of Ukraine the Speaker will be exercising his duties
This trip is not in our timetable
You fully belong to Ukraine and its interests in the world arena
Ukraine needs salvation This is why I'm running for Presidency
The party entrusted me with a task of becoming the President of Ukraine
In our country, in Ukraine, a person shall feel free, regardless of his nationality and religion
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Ukraine needs a new leader!
I heard it, saw it I'm forging Ukraine
Ukraine needs a new leader!
I'm glad that the majority of the population of Ukraine don't believe in the populistic words of that historian
With these hands, I'll open Ukraine for investments
I'll save Ukraine My hands will be enough for everything
Choose Ukraine!
Glory to Ukraine!
Ukraine is like an unsown field I'll work on this field
Ukraine is like an unsown field I'll work on this field
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
I'll give your land back I'll save Ukraine!
Ukraine above everything!
Ukraine is like an unsown field I'll work on this field
Ukraine needs a new leader
Give me a title of the Hero of Ukraine
Ukraine is above everything!
According to the Ministry of Infrastructure, the number of accidents with fatal outcomes rose in Ukraine in the course of the last six months
I must protect citizens of Ukraine and their freedom of religion
I'm for equality in Ukraine Plus, I won't insult her
Now I'm glad to inform you that we have started a state program of equipping all the cities of Ukraine with lightemitting diodes at the crossings
We hope and believe that there will be one less problem in Ukraine now
Ukraine needs a new leader
He mistook the people of Ukraine for savages
To give Kuban back to Ukraine?
He thinks he is the only Messiah in Ukraine
Finally, Ukraine has who to choose from
And Ukraine needs a Presidentdoctor capable of treating its economy, of reanimating its social sphere
The dates of the transactions coincide with the dates of voting in the Rada of Ukraine when all members of Karasiuk's fraction were unanimously voting for the laws that Nemchuk needed
Of course, Minister of Health of Ukraine!
Ukraine is above all!
Glory to Ukraine!
With these hands, I'll increase the GDP of Ukraine
I'll save Ukraine
Enough of working with clay, let's work on Ukraine!
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
An attempt was made at the life of the President of Ukraine Vasily Goloborodko
According to the unofficial information, the tragedy was averted only thanks to the personal interference of the Prime Minister of Ukraine Dmitry Surikov and the Security Service of Ukraine
With these hands, I'll open Ukraine for investments
I'll save Ukraine I will have enough hands for everything
I promised to save Ukraine, and today, there is only one way of doing it
Zhanna Yurievna, if you had worked for me from the very beginning, you'd have been the next President of Ukraine
Ukraine is like an unsown field
Tomorrow we'll choose a new President of Ukraine
Glory to Ukraine!
Good evening, Ukraine!
The exPresident of Ukraine!
We're watching the calculation of the votes at the elections of the President of Ukraine
Viktor Denitsa, a representative of the Committee of the Voters of Ukraine, is now present in our studio
If this studio was electing the President of Ukraine,
But the results all over Ukraine are the following
I got night vision, zoom and Xray
It was the liquidy metal guy
No matter how the end will come, environmental disaster, pandemic disease, unbreathable air, impotable water, not enough food, nuclear winter, some combination of them all,
Yes, we saw it in the coronary's report
Can you make a vaccine?
Zoom in
The chair is a metaphor for energy
Okay, remember, there's a magnet in the scanner, so no keys or metal in the room
I'm sorry, was that a metaphor or a simile?
Transformer? It's more like a metal suitcase
Zoom in
I think I'm having a coronary
Fullon metalhead
Axes and saws and metal nails which I don't have a clue what to do with
I'm getting more metallic every day
These are vaccines, these are antibiotics Grab those first
I'm talking about a vaccine for the rest of us
This vaccine Could've saved frank
I might be able to extract it to produce a testable vaccine
The vaccine can work if it hasn't spread yet!
Do you have the vaccine right now?
12 hours Then I kill it Vaccine or no vaccine
Zoe, I need you to tell me that you can really do this vaccine
I ordered them out there for you, for your vaccine And they died
There's a chance we can still get that vaccine
The vaccine can still work
We have an inoculation against the rotter bite, a vaccine that will keep anyone who takes it from turning
My job is to bash metal into shape not deliver letters
Hopefully this is just a kayaking trip, not a metaphor
Dr Klimas's team can actually track this crash point on a metabolic level
Lockdown The facility is now on lockdown
Then I went to Russia, the Ukraine, Turkey,
One flesh, one metal
Cyclops, zoom in on target
In the Church of the Holy Sepulchre above us three representatives meet under the supervision of the Chief Inspector of Police to discuss a divided timetable for market use
Total lockdown!
It was made from this special metal from the heart of a dying star
Afraid there's nothing left but a pair of boots and scrap metal
Looks like they spent a lot of money on it I mean, I think it's real metal
Officials are unable to contact the American Embassy there, and Washington DC, 2022
I was gonna be here, submerged in the water up to my neck for the whole Jesus metaphor and that's the
'Lockdown in progress!
Lockdown in progress!
That's It was meant to be a metaphor for freedom
There are contradictions in your metaphor
I go fullmetal batshit on
Zoom in
Elon Musk's team design
Hey, zoom out
Everything he laid his hands on would turn into the precious metal
It's metaphorical! Yeah!
Yes, and she has a super high metabolism
Just silly little metaphors, y'know, brings the party together
Yeah but you always speak in metaphors
Alright, that just all sounds like metaphor again
Boasting a faster absorption rate, a slower metabolic rate and the most exciting part, the CP450 liver enzyme inhibitor
I'm telling you, he punched through solid metal with his bare hands
There are metal screens on those windows
Oh Metal till I fucking puke
Oh, and the incident at TSC, as they're calling it, ended up being a watershed case to finally accelerate a vaccine to prevent the symptoms of the ID7 virus, pending FDA approval, of course
She's in Rome for her coronation
Zoom in, let me see
It's about something It's a metaphor
Queen Mother, with the coronation just around the corner taking a tour now is not a good idea
Under the supervision of commander Baahubali the grand coronation ceremony will be performed
Her family intervened with a few of my larger creditors and persuaded them to accelerate my timetables for repayment
[♪ fastpaced metal]
And that I knew about everything from the Great American Song Book to heavy metal
Prior to us knowing about Metallica, Slayer, Creator, King Diamond, all those people
I have a distinct memory of Michael calling, again calling me, and said look we're going to go to L'Amour's in Brooklyn and we're going to go see this band Metallica
It was the Metallica demo that kids were like raving about
I mean at that point of time with the music scene that was going on, the heavy metal scene, it was really exciting
Metallica, Raven, and Anthrax, um, it was in um, like I said in, in early August
And that was the beginfor me the beginning of my total love for Metallica
And he brought them Metallica one of the biggest names of all time Plus other groups
But Metallica
Uh, because they were bringing punk and metal together
It's like, these guys are really into music, and they're not just into like, you know, thrash metal and punk
Little gay guy from New York City signs, at the time, probably the most innovative, uh, groundbreaking band in Metallica
[John Lydon] I mean who'd have thought a, an open guy would be uh, really running the heavy metal bands of the decade, at that time?
Keep in mind, I love heavy metal
knew like, oh, Alago loves metal He signed Metallica
He signed Metal Church He signed Flotsam
But it was just pretty ironic how the whole, you know, hardcore thing and the metal thing's all macho tough guys and then, you know, here's Michael, and everybody embraced him
10 days later I'm playing sold out Budokan with Metallica
I only ever played in, in Arizona and California by the time that I joined Metallica
It was a very much a whirlwind once I joined Metallica, started traveling around the world, everything was new to me
You know, you're in the band and you play guitar in a metal band and you're, you know, if I was the singer or something maybe, you know, that would— 'cause you know, like, the Rob Halford's, the Freddie Mercury's,
To him they were the next Metallica
That's why he liked the CroMags Same with Metallica
Like you did a lot of stuff having to do with like a heavy, heavy metal, RnB, it ran the gamut with you
I mean it was a fun time and there was so much great music out there, and I never wanted to just be categorized as this, oh he's the guy you go to for heavy metal
You know, Michael was Metallica and David Bowie, and all that kind of stuff but Nina Simone?
Anything metal, put it in here
Lockdown!
So there's a vaccine
No If there was a vaccine they wouldn't be killing people
In countries abroad like Ukraine, Lebanon, Israel everyone's in a bad place
Fiftytwo, massive coronary
Life is gonna zoom on by and you know,
[metal detector warbling]
Step one, melt down scrap metal
The liquid metal will harden
'Cause that's exactly how you get burned by molten metal
Stop Can you zoom in on her?
A metal bucket is, on a certain level, a kind of mustache,
Rick, if we don't unlock those vaccines, Earth dies!
1768 in Ukraine, untold thousands killed by the Cossack
What if there was a way to use that sample to create a vaccine?
He'll be on lockdown for 72 hours
The whole city is on lockdown
Bro It's a metaphor
Lockdown in five Lockdown in five
Your order initiated a full lockdown
It contains metals that will be irradiated
Bumper cars and sheet metal motherfucker? You about to be with the stars!
He'd be asleep, face flat on his desk timetables damp with drool
Bit early in the day for metaphysics, isn't it?
All guards and staff are to go into an immediate code fourteen lockdown
Never You know, we got caught on the other side of that there gate when the lockdown happened
I put my phone in my underwear and nail clippers in my pocket so when I buzzed through the metal detector,
Put us in full lockdown Then tell Mr morrow I'd like to see him
I'm just hoping he gets to my row before I have a massive coronary and peace out, yo
Oh, they're, uh, smallpox vaccination
Its surface has the appearance of stone, with an exoskeleton of metal alloy
Metadata in the pictures, degraded blood evidence
Yeah, I did know a Sarah from Coronado once
He got drunk one night, went to town on me with a metal pipe
Zoom in
Zooming in
Metal on metal, voices, footsteps, a lot of activity
You know pissing contest is just a metaphor, right?
Can you zoom in there?
Can you zoom in a little on that?
Zoom in
Effective immediately, the Institute is on lockdown
Wait, if we're on lockdown, who's out there looking for Jace?
I'm lifting the lockdown on the Institute, except for Clary and Jocelyn
The same you and me who crashed queen Victoria's Coronation glamoured as the Duke and duchess of Cambridge?
Angels are higher beings They communicate through metaphors
Correct Now, Roman centurions put bronze in all their metalwork
I had metallic skin No!
This will rewrite Caitlin's metaDNA
And Zoom
SHE'S A META WITH THE SAME POWER
YOU'RE A VIGILANTE AND A METAHUMAN,
IT'S HIS META POWER
I DIDN'T SIGN UP FOR METAS, MAN
Evelyn Sharp, and a metahuman
There's enough metal in here to shoe a horse
You're the Fullmetal Alchemist!
It's been a long time, Fullmetal
You're the famous Fullmetal Alchemist!
Fullmetal Alchemist
Fullmetal boy
Nothing separates us, Fullmetal Alchemist!
Fullmetal boy
Fullmetal
Eat them up except Fullmetal boy
Fullmetal
Fullmetal Alchemist!
Well done, Fullmetal boy
Fullmetal
Effective immediately, the Institute's on lockdown
Has the lockdown been called off?
Zoom in
I don't know if you can hear me over the sound of your ball tumors metastasizing, but Americans don't care what poor kids eat
Then it occurred to me, why rewrite our old code when I can build a new encoder that doesn't strip away a ton of channels and metadata
It's a metaphor
They got those three metal containers there
I'm neither a metallurgist nor a jeweler I cannot attest to its value
I'd need a hell of a metal detector
I said I'd need a metal detector
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
We thinking he's a meta?
In all the meta husks created by Alchemy
Which means the meta that killed our two innocent people was created by me
The meta 's name is Clive Yorkin
Come on We have been through much worse metas than Yorkin
What you should've told him is that I'm the one responsible, that the meta trying to kill him is one that I created
I wish it were under better circumstances Listen, you're being targeted by a meta
Yes, there's still one husk meta out there, and I intend to find him
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
I think maybe we can get a little bit more precise, but I'm gonna have to give it the old metahuman try
Any medicine I give you, your metabolism would burn through
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Zoom had just killed my father
Perhaps, some sort of new metal, akin to a Luttinger liquid?
Okay, you stupid piece of metal, take me to your leader
No, Jay, you already lived your hell when you were Zoom's prisoner
You brought a Remnant to life last year to defeat Zoom
That is a metahuman power dampener
You're gonna take her to Infantino Street, and ram a metal spear through her back?
Seal the tunnels and instigate a full lockdown
Mr Skeleton Maxwell was a metalsmith, circa 1790
They're metalworking terms
That's how our family metalworks started, back in the day
The witches gave some magical help to a local metalsmith who was making a church bell for them
But what no one realized was that Seline and I had befriended this metalsmith
Does this have something to do with that stupid metal ball?
Like I just had my head rammed into a giant metal object
My skills pale in comparison to the magic your coven infused in its metal
But I'm in need of a metalsmith, and from what I've been told, Mr Maxwell, you are the finest in Virginia
This is all metaphorical
Would putting the bone in a metal dagger do the trick?
Consider it your coronation present
Like a huge, grey metal whale, the submarine the Redoubtable, launched today, March 29th, establishes its silent supremacy at a depth of several hundred metres
I mean, I am the kid in this, uh, metaphor, right?
Out of the blue, couldn't breathe Heart pounding in my chest like I was having a coronary
I might have gone for a metal strap
I think I'd prefer a metal strap
But metal are more hardwearing, that's why I got you the metal strap
I exchanged the metal strap for a leather one
I'm into metal and punk
Keep Viktor with a K on lockdown?
Zoom in on the tracker
You do realize the city is still basically on lockdown?
Well, if there's no metal for the dies to stamp, wouldn't they clash together?
It's just an expensive blob of metal
Well, in between the final heat treat and die hubbing, the die metal is actually soft enough that if you have the right tools, you can make a couple little changes
One time, I was in the background of a Girls Gone Wild video, not naked, just using a metal detector, and she bought like 1,000 copies
Metaphorical magic
It's always metaphorical magic
Does a rabbit need a yearly vaccination for myxomatosis?
Okay, it was like this metamorphosis
I'm asking myself an unanswerable question, even a metaphysical question
What could tear through this metal?
He heard the terrible sound of metal against flesh
It's like a hammer or a lump of metal
I'm at the old Portland metalworks shack 2872 northwest industrial
The French toast is a metaphor
So you know what a metaphor is, right?
There, zoom in
We have exactly no time to discuss the metaphysical implications
And where we lived, in Charleston, South Carolina, we always had a Coronation Ball at County Hall
It's a gun metaphor
Probably just assume everything is a gun metaphor
It's more than a metaphor when I treat this redhead like my stepchild
Then I'll do her like Metal Gear and put my Solid Snake in her box!
It's a metaphor, Alex Broccoli means boys
Going through the metal detector They tackled him to the ground
Last thing to do is to anastamose the right coronary
The right coronary
Including coronary artery disease
Let's reimplant the coronaries
We'll do the left coronary first, Due to its anterior location
Attach an 8millimeter woven graft to the left coronary In order to ease the tension
She's just gonna be back with another coronary event
I don't know what that means, but I do know that we need to assess the extent of your coronary artery disease, so I want to send you up to the cath lab
But given the fact that you've already had a cardiac event, it is my recommendation that we do a coronary artery bypass graft
Metabolic panel, urine analysis, and blood cultures are all pending
Why don't we just zoom in on the serial number?
Talking about zoomin' in on the gun to find out who shot at you
You know, zoom in, resolve
Like thelike those stacking, like metal tins from India?
signs of the apocalypse and all that? Ah That's mostly just metaphor
Metal shearing
Yeah, I came into your establishment, looking for some simple metal smelting, and the next thing you know you had me on my knees
[metallic squeaking] [soft piano music playing]
This waveform is generating the electromagnetic metamaterial
If we use an interference wave, we can amplify that noise to fracture the metamaterial, and we'll target that point
Along with characteristics very similar to metal, they have bodily functions that exert powerful magnetism
The electromagnetic metamaterial's output has been recorded
The metal is much stronger than ours
Using the dog metaphors!
Yeah, there's actually a lot of metaphorical aspects about werewolves that I find extremely interesting
He's demonstrated something interesting in the emissions of metals when bombarded with light:
What an interesting metaphor
All metal goes in the trays
And honestly, if I feel like having a couple of Coronas at the end of the day to take the edge off, that's that's a hell of a lot better than when I'd pop a fistful of Vicodin
A powerful metaphor for the spiritual baggage he had yet to shed
That metaphor got him five years
That shit is meta
Does your mouth taste like metal?
I'm not good with metaphors, but I do know one thing
And old metal
All, we have guard one on lockdown Surveillance is ours
What about the metadata?
So, in the first paragraph, you used the basketball game versus Northern as a metaphor for your life, which is great
So you hit T to zoom in, and W zooms back out
So you hit T to zoom in, and W zooms back out
If there's a power outage, the building goes on lockdown
And unless you know something that we don't, this is the best metaphor
I mean, why would you want a stupid zoomer in your party anyway?
I told you Zoomer
[METAL SCREECHES]
Pedal to the metal then, bitch
Look, I'll see what I can do with the lockdown I gotta go
Someone's trying to start emergency lockdown on your ship
Lockdown on whose authority?
This will slow your metabolism and your hormone output
But the folks have discovered a gold mine lately along with other metal ores
My friend Corona sells her pee on the Internet
The NEC's HQ in Ottawa has been under lockdown since last month, when a trace amount of a viral sample went missing
Congrats It's a metaphor
You know what a metaphor is, right? You're a smart guy, Lee, right? Married to Jesus
the cowhide whip is braided with metal balls and bone fragments
You're a lying piece of sheet metal
The interim government decided to keep a few munchers on lockdown inside the same bio safety level 4 facility as smallpox and other hemorrhagic viruses, because what could go wrong?
Sheet metal screws?
This imagery is a metaphor for DISC theory
Look, not to mix metaphors, but there's blood in the water, Emily
Would you like me to zoom in?
Have you ever been vaccinated for chicken pox or measles?
This is like a vaccination, but for your brain
and zoomed straight back like a bat out of hell Bat out of hell
Zoom in
Are you gonna melt all this metal down and build a bridge?
25 frames per second camcorder with auto zoom and dual playback
They're gonna be wrestling with their own female stereotypes, metaphorically
You need the metal thing
Urgent lockdown!
I have the kind of metabolism where I can eat what I want and stay pencilthin
Mm, monster as metaphor
It was just like one that's metal
You were 19 in 2023
You made yours out of metal
[whistle blowing] Don't you talk to me like[metal clangs] [Grace gasps]
Thanks for ruining my metaphor, O
Unbreakable glass, strong as metal
Can you zoom in on that?
Did you know that your video has metadata attached to it?
Even if you try to erase it, the metadata tells us that there is one minute and 20 seconds missing from the head of it
How nice to be able to talk in metaphors when people like our clients have a literal gun to their head
We'd just be wasting metal on metal
And we got to see the metadata, including the IP address
These are not just inspirational metaphors
The next day, a bus was struck by a train in the Ukraine
The candles are a metaphor?
Uh, metaphor assistance Uh, keeping someone at an arm's length
Then I wrap metal around the container
Uh, it's called the corona effect!
Then, a wellplaced gum wrapper puts Phoenix's entire security system on lockdown
But every photo you take stores your GPS coordinates as metadata
Dr Zito is an expert in metamaterials
You're gonna need to make a shaped charge, so upend two of those metal tables that the plants are on and place them in an L shape up against the wall
That's not the point The pool's a metaphor
Is that my vintage Corona Club beach towel?
This is on me I should have spaced out his vaccinations
Moving around with the metal inside will cause internal damage, and you'll die
It's a metaphor we've been using
It would make me very happy to pour boiling metal down Keenan Feldspar's asshole
He's gonna run, and then you're slowly chasing him, trying to not spill your vat of boiling metal
Well, then isn't it time to turn up the thrash metal, dangle from gravity boots, or, I don't know, maybe snack on the world's stinkiest cheese to shock the senses?
(heavy metallic door closing)
Well, no, I meant like metaphorically speaking
I've been saying this for the longest time, but I'm really ready to get super weird into metal detectors if you guys are
Yeah? Metal detectors?
It's okay, man We're gonna get metal detectors
I don't need the metaphor
Wading Is that a metaphor for Vietnam?
We forgot to get you vaccinated till you were 6
Otherwise I'm coming out I don't care if I have to walk through jagged metal
And iron and all the other metals wept
That's a very powerful metaphor, boss
That's a very powerful metaphor, boss
Somewhere on my climb, I forgot my own dream to be the best damn speedmetal drummer in the Inland Empire
We may also be ground zero to a deadly pandemic
New Seattle mayor, Floyd Baracus, has declared a state of emergency in response to the spread of the Aleutian flu, a condition for which he says there is a vaccine, but no known cure
[shovel strikes metal]
We had to save all the metal for the boys
All right, who's ready to move some metal, huh?
I've got some metal to shift
I have to finish putting the lab on lockdown
The princess and codger are a metaphor for the two of them being unable to meet!
Yeah, well, at least it was a break from her dog metaphors
We need to begin massscale vaccinations tomorrow
At a news conference today, Seattle mayor Floyd baracus surprised most observers by issuing a mandate that every man, woman and child get vaccinated against the flu virus this week
I'm not gonna be able to sleep until I've got that vaccine coursing through my veins
The citywide aleutian flu vaccinations are officially underway
I need to know where the aleutian flu vaccines are being stored
Peyton, if they think they're still about to have allyoucan eat brains, even after the city gets vaccinated, they must know something we don't
There will be time for fun after we're vaccinated
Fillmoregraves is infecting the aleutian flu vaccine with zombie blood!
Everyone who takes the vaccine is going to turn into a zombie
Everyone who gets an aleutian flu vaccine becomes one
If you have taken the vaccine, also be aware the zombie virus can be transmitted via a scratch, or sexually
That, my friend, is a vaccine for zombieism
Same irregular shape of the first metacarpophalangeal joint here
Same length of the fourth metacarpal, here
My ascent, however, was not without its metaphorical Sherpas
Hey, they was Coronas!
I'm close to developing a vaccine
We start surveilling all known zombies, but no contact while the doctor works on the vaccine
But, happily, not until I finish my utterly fictional antizombie vaccine
What happened to waiting until I finish the vaccine?
And metal
That's basically as dangerous as vaccinating your children
She had two tickets, but they won't allow me in the convention center since they put in metal detectors
Hold that look, Eddie I'm trying to find the zoom
He had a metal pipe
They don't set off metal detectors
Metal, plastic
You got a lot of metal
Well, as you know, Jethro, in many military circles, having seen the elephant is a metaphor for having experienced combat
Mm LAPD has that place on lockdown
The metadata's been wiped
Zoom in on that newspaper box
The metal mesh blocks communication signals, so Sandstorm can't hear us
This looks like a cavity unless you crazy zoom in
One out of every three metas that we fought in the last six months has escaped
It's a metaphor, Mom, okay?
First of all, it's a working title, so it can change, but but it's a metaphor
it's a metaphor, okay, for when you're going where things take you and whether that's a good thing or not
I listen to heavy metal
They stroke a tiny scrap of metal as if it were a newborn baby and held it dearly to them as if it were a loved one
Yes And my fave, Metallica
You don't pull your ace in the third inning when they're on fire I love that metaphor
Made of hard wood or metal
Lockdown mode
These weapons and armor are made of a metal unlike anything found on planet Earth
The streets of Little Haven are in lockdown
You must have metabolized everything
Hormone cycles, cognitive ability, metabolic processes
Your metaphor
Fresh abrasions on the metal suggest that it was forcefully engaged and then defeated
It's a lockdown
I heard the guards are doubling up after the lockdown
Code Red! Engaging lockdown protocol!
The last time we faced them, they almost wiped out metahumans and made us to fight each other
Him Code Red! Engaging lockdown protocols!
This is ARGUS Antimetahuman curfew is in effect
I just witnessed a female meta of unknown origin
Look, you said there was a female meta killing everyone
Was a metahuman who had no problem murdering people?
You are listed in the Metahuman Registry as missing
You are hereby under arrest for violating the Anti Metahuman Act
AntiMetahuman?
Yeah, metahumans have been illegal since 2021
ARREST MODE ANTIMETAHUMAN ACT VIOLATION
Move Under the Metahuman Act of 2021, you are under arrest
Apparently it's illegal to be a metahuman in 2042
Burglary, larceny, grand larceny, identity theft, trespassing, digital trespassing, metahuman smuggling, conspiracy
You mean everybody locked up in here is a meta?
This next sound, metal through a bone,
Wait, he's just another persecuted meta?
And him, you know, Latin Freddie Mercury Wait, zoom in
Zoom in
You see, Dominic here is a delightful new meta that I found
You made sure that we turned all those people on that bus into metahumans
She is my metapower
And I have not stabbed you or punched you or shot a deadly piece of metal at you once
Great We've got evil Mary Poppins collecting metas, too
Do you mind if I invite Dominic, that meta we just saved?
I have created many metahumans but only your unique abilities will allow me to do
This place is on lockdown
People ride about all day in metal boxes made away
Would it think that my phone or my computer are devices or external metal organs I evolved?
The Pripyat River Valley in Ukraine
Okay, maybe if we can get the file, there may be metadata on it and we can figure out who took the photo
Well, now, we have metas crashing bachelorette parties, so
Nanothermite It's a metastable intermolecular composite
Metallo
The prison is on full lockdown, but I got you an exemption from the novisitors rule
Is it a metaphorical expression to say that Ban Ryu has returned to his old self, since he's sitting over there?
Metal plate
Lacerations on the wrists fingers cut off with a sharp metal object
The excruciating pain Of 100 nails, Cutup razor blades, And metal fragments,
Well, between the frozen state of her body and the metallic interference from all the beads on her dress, the other Xrays are too clouded
Well, the aluminum baton left a trace metal signature on the arm and the leg
See these bright spots in the Xray here? That's metal
And do you know what has metal particles in it? OxyContin But one problem with that
Did the chest Xray reveal any metal particles?
You know, I don't have many things, but I got this hunk of metal
The facility is on lockdown
Yes, but molten metal is spilling out on the other side
The station is basically scrap metal
It's just a huge 20ton chunk of metal
I doubt it's possible The metal is too thick
The lower the temperature, the more brittle metals become
This is the myth of Jupiter and Io from Ovid's Metamorphoses
♪ Foot on the pedal never ever false metal
How about fixing your door instead of my metaphor?
Nice! This was supposed to be Courtney's crossover coronation
Nobody's hands are all the way clean Computer, zoom in on that thumb
And enhance Zoom in again
Enhance again Zoom in three more times Enhance
Now zoom out once Deenhance
I didn't know about this new spooninthelid technology, so I just used one of those oldfashioned metal spoons and I accidentally left it on the fountain
Wait Zoom in
Now, I'm excited because Reiden Global has made a breakthrough that we believe, with your help, will put an end to the sterility pandemic
I'm excited to tell you that Reiden Global has made a breakthrough that we believe, with your help, will put an end to the sterility pandemic
Did you ever once hear him use a metaphor in your life?
Type one, you got a death metal SEAL, which is, like, the beard and the tattoos and everything, and then type two is your squared away, fitness freak, entrepreneur SEAL
Death metal, tattoos, beard, boom
Can you zoom in on that woodpecker?
Last time, you broke my metatarsal
You two are about as subtle as a massive coronary
Looks like a massive coronary
Oh, come on Put your peddle to the metal
I think he's speaking metaphorically
Again, metaphoric
Yngwie Malmsteen, Metallica
I'm just replacing the sound of your skin slapping against someone else's with the sound of crushing metal
Honey, zoom in on it
I'm zooming, Mom
Do you know the pain I'm feeling in the two sesamoid bones between the metatarsus and phalanges?
It doesn't How can they shoot you with a metal bead?
Thank god it was a metal bead
Today was a metal bead The next time it will be a bullet
Buttle rubbies Can you zoom?
I can't zoom
Metamucil, BluBlockers, hearing aids, couple Judging Amy DVDs, you got a box of Depends diapiediaps
Sure, it comes with a great salary and a vaccination for the coming elk flu, the flu that you're gonna be hearing about for the next decade
Mandalore is under complete lockdown
The smell of rusted metal
Do you remember the Sewoo Metals union from two years ago?
What is this? It doesn't zoom in
There is a limit to how well a withered flower can sing (A METAPHOR FOR HER BEING OLD)
Yes, sir UFAP We'll keep this on lockdown
Metadata
Like most pics people post on Instagram or Facebook, they don't realize they just gifted whatever social media site their camera type, phone model, name, and location, all hidden inside the photograph's metadata
Now, you know how the boss feels about timetables
My wife, my son, and I will go to the Ukraine, together, on Monday after the plan is complete
My wife, my son, and I will go to the Ukraine after the plan is complete
Your trip to the Ukraine, it's not gonna work out the way we discussed it
Oh, yeah, well, you do now, kay? Get up there, put pedal to the metal
I have been followed and shot at with metal beads
Shooting metal beads Blackmailing me over the phone
Yes The price of scrap metal is so low these days
But find a vaccine?
Wrapped metal around 'em We gotta go after Axel
That's before we get to the metal
When you look at the objects on xray, all you see is metal objects inside the body, next to the bone
When we surgically opened these people up, we didn't see the metal at all
That's the metallic core underneath
Once the metallic core is exposed to air, it soon turns reddish in color
We found out that the metallic core was made of meteoritic iron
They found 11 different elements that did not belong on this particular metal
So I said, What's so unusual about the metal?
Well, the metal is from a rare meteorite
New Mexico tech found some of the metal
To be as hard as the hardest steel known to man and other parts of the metal to be soft carbon and magnetic
An offworld metal implanted in humans?
What the scientists found is that these metal objects found inside these people were extraterrestrial in origin
According to UFO researchers, offworld metal surgically removed by dr
The shot on the left is a shot of the metallic core of the object Colbern:
(metal groaning)
Looks like some kind of scrap metal yard
Just give me your admin code so I can lift the lockdown and access her system
For those of you who are firsttimers, the answers to your many questions will be found inside your metal folders
Should be a small metal device, probably about the size of a quarter
Okay, open it and scan the space like you're waving a metal detector
Left coronary artery looks good, but I'm not seeing the right
Can you get the wire in? Let me try and cannulate the right coronary artery
Nothing but flesh and metal between you
I mean, like, they cut the bone and put metal in, but the doctor said it's normal, that he's just hallucinating from the sedatives, but I just hope it's over soon and he feels better
I can zoom out to see if we can find a building using a larger radius
[Emilia] Zoom in
There Can you zoom in?
There it is Can you zoom in?
Can't you zoom in?
Okay, he goes by the handle Pandemic, and there's not a network he can't crack
Pandemic loves more than hackin' computers is hackin' into a big old fried onion
Downloaded on Thursday Okay, now watch the Pandemic spread
I guess we're dropping the metaphor
Metal rods were mixed in with the cremains in the incinerator
Metaphorically, the holes were created by everything that's happened
Zoom in
Grandpa talked about were just a metaphor
He's a meta
Ramsey Deacon Looks like we found our meta
Ah Metaphorically
How is it possible that Deacon's a meta if he didn't get his powers from Wells' particle accelerator blowing up?
Locked up in the metahuman wing of Iron Heights as we speak
She's a meta
I can only imagine how many metahumans you created
All the people on that bus, we turned them into metas
What we need is to focus on catching this meta, am I right?
No, not celebrities Metahumans, which is what I think you are
And we're up against a meta we can't even touch, and we're the ones who made her in the first place
Becky is locked up in the meta wing at Iron Heights
Twelve markers, twelve metas
Which causes the creation of a dozen new metas
You think he wanted us to create a busload of metas?
Why would anyone wanna create metas?
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Twelve markers, twelve metas
He wanted us to create a busload of metas
But that still leaves 10 metahumans that were created when I came out of the Speed Force
Maybe he's a metahuman now?
Clearly, this guy is a bus meta
But, you know, these last few years, we've locked up metahumans without a trial, played with time and space, messed with other worlds
There's Thawne, Zoom, DeVoe
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Twelve markers, twelve metas
Why would anyone want to create metas?
Clearly, this guy is a bus meta
I call him the Weeper I love naming metas
Ladies, let's put the meta abilities down
Oh, this chick is trying to stop a metafight from destroying your very enchanting club
What, were you expecting a different meta?
The metal that she controls Do you know what it is?
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
All right In the meantime, we gotta find the rest of these bus metas
So, another bus meta
This meta has the ability to leave a psychic imprint on objects
Well, look, the good thing is, our rifles have a blow statues to hell setting, so when this meta does show up, we'll be ready
Looks like our meta isn't restricted to animating just stone
Chaytan was at this even before she was a meta
We determine why each meta developed their superpowers, then we smash them to bits
I'm digging the whole creepy halfman, halfmetal vibe you got going on
Guys, Thawne Zoom Savitar
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
So this is an example of meta DNA
Clifford DeVoe is not a meta
The bus metas Me coming out of the Speed Force at the wrong place
2,600 individuals developed the meta gene and they use it to rob jewelry stores and summon tornadoes
How did our tests not show your meta DNA?
The bus metas It was you
Plenty of metas have come after me, the people that I love
Those were children with play guns Savitar Zoom
Looks like you found the guy behind the bus metas
All you need to know is that you're locked in one of your fabulous antimetahuman cells with the rest of us
So, the entire facility has metahuman dampeners
They got security, metal detectors, bag checks in all four entrances
Zoom in
Do you have a saw for metal?
Zoom in
With metal bones! Motor oil for blood!
You ever heard of a rare earth mining company called Gravity Metals?
Then why did Gravity Metals transfer him to their headquarters in Germany?
Okay, you're certain that he's not maybe sitting in in Metatron's old cell or 
[ Metal groans ]
Televising the coronation?
This is Detective Hale I need a complete lockdown of Reiden Global now
She got popped while the building was on lockdown
What's with hanging metal all over yourself? What? Spoon, chopsticks
Are you learning metal work?
It must be your metabolism
I'm a femme hommetale
Oh, femme hommetale?
I am saying the present Prince Choong Won metamorphosed himself into a scholar more virtuous than anyone else in Joseon
For example, after the start of Act 2, the central plot is established, that is a metaphorical intimate cavern
And it's easier to believe who are being chased by some kind of metaphysical spirit than by the problems themselves
Everything was beautiful, the execution of the exhibition was beautiful, but metaphorically speaking, people didn't see this
Yes, I'm sorry about this hateful metallic voice,
He's a Metamorph
We've never seen a Metamorph from Rexor
This is not Colonel Silas Herrick, but in fact a Metamorph from the planet Rexor IV
What do you know about Metamorphs?
You're suggesting that Vera Herrick knew all along that the defendant is a Metamorph?
I believe she has knowingly and willingly been harboring a Metamorph from Rexor since the day he returned
What we need is a timetable
(metal scraping) Shit
Now, as we advance frame by frame, we can first isolate the moment that the first bullet strikes the metal container in the car park
Wants to be the next Elon Musk? He's not Elon Musk
Ligature marks indicated that she had been choked with a metal chain
Zoom back out
Philip K Dick, all the Metal Hurlant volumes
Leave all your metallic objects on that tray
Zoom in as much as you can
No vaccinations, no treatments
Zoom in on the weapon
Nerves modified in metallic alloy
I need to know her timetable
My client's timetable
Like a metal bar?
During its creation, it's immersed in a hang on ionic liquid metal
We're mixing metaphors all over the place
Before, His Majesty commanded me to stab a criminal's hands with a metal skewer, so I had towith my own hands
Why is your metaphor so long?
I even zoomed in for some closeups
They were hoping to cross into Ukraine, deliver medical supplies
Right now, both of you should be huddling with the Ukrainian and Russian ambassadors because Russia will use this as an excuse to attack Ukraine
Ukraine has no association with these men or their crime, and I resent outrageous implication
Ukraine must fix
With pleasure, right after America fix terror in Ukraine
Ukraine is demanding an immediate withdrawal of Russia's occupation
Ukraine's not part of NATO, but Turkey is
Neither Russia or Ukraine is willing to engage us
Ukraine's happy to sit on its hands, let things escalate
Uh, Ukraine already has an inferiority complex, right?
I taste metal
A metaphor, Carol
Metaphor, is that its name?
Metaphor, be gone! You are not welcome here!
All those years of heartache and worry over a lump of metal
Then go play with that metal mouth girl with the big head
What was the metal creature that attacked me? Tina!
Say there is a great metaphor
It's an amazing metaphor
Zoom in
Captain got ours wired up for heavy metal and they stick us in these damn
Truth is, I love it, the Formula 1 stuff, the real stuff, the speed they're going through the corners, it's super men, so I really believe these guys metamorph when they get into the cockpit, you know
It was a metaphor, Sofia
Metaphorically speaking
In 2023, James Cameron pilots his submersible, the Deepsea Challenge Extreme XG Ultra, to the deepest part of the ocean
You do realize that if this doesn't work, we're stuck in the year 2023 and there's no coming back
Lockdown initiated
Your comrades are in lockdown as well
Build a metal robot arm
hundreds of gold‐colored metallic spheres scattered in the same tunnel beneath the Temple of the Feathered Serpent
Do you think a simple metal gate can stop my love?
Zoomzoom, robot, dude
While the stone pillars themselves seem like simple technology, recent analyzes have revealed they may be comprised of an advanced Geopolymer blend of granite with silicate particles and metallic alloys
Why are you zooming in?
I said, why are you zooming in?
I can zoom in or take a video if I want Who are you?
Why are you zooming in when he's about to get beat up?
Sir, from right here, you can zoom from this position, using two fingers
The board is deciding whether to put metal detectors at all the hospital entrances
How'd that metal detector thing turn out?
I think this is OTC, a metabolic disorder fits You were right
Is that why we're hauling this giant junk of metal across the country? No
Are you ready for your first coronary bypass, Dr GreyShepherd?
Claude Markham, 66, here for a total thyroidectomy and bilateral neck dissection to rule out any nodal metastases
The whole place went on lockdown
Don't think about that vaccine or wrist again
The vaccine and the wrist were both you
Metaphorically speaking, of course
We're on a timetable now to get this thing done
And so Cobra versus the GI Joes, it wasn't that hidden of a metaphor, and we just totally bought it
Metaphorically speaking, since I'd never have it up in the first place
You must have the coronation ceremony when the red water flows 7 times, so you need to get the divine stones before the last tide is here
I need to have the coronation ceremony as soon as possible, so try your best to find them in a hurry
Start lockdown procedure now
They're initiating a Level 4 lockdown and emergency evac protocols for all nonessential personnel
Metal veins pumping hot liquid?
Year 2021
Priests can't deal with Soul Metal, y'know
Our weapons are made of Soul Metal!
They defeated Horrors with arrows made with Soul Metal
We buy all scrap metal!
A controlled hospital lockdown is now in effect
The visions are weird But I need you to see if it's, like, literal, or a metaphor
I'm gonna need a lockdown team
Some of the countries involved right now are countries like Estonia, the Ukraine, and, uh, of course, we have the larger players:
Everything is in total lockdown from Lochino to St Francis
From the analysis of Pasha's blood he created an experimental vaccine
Injecting you with Dr Chen's newly synthesized vaccine immunogens
Your coronation will take place soon, so you must make preparations
I just need one tiny little piece of metal to bridge these two resistors
Jack, stand those two roulette wheels on their side with the metal tops facing each other, about an inch apart
Shrink the metal?
I'm just gonna need, uh, that metal pen that you used to take notes on my research in prison
Come on, it's a metaphor
It's a metaphor for
I dare say damgeumjigi (cut metal friend), moonkyungjiwoo (cut neck friend)
A friendship solid and strong enough to cut through a metal
I dare say our relationship is that of a damgeumjigi (cut metal friend), moonkyungjiwoo (cut neck friend)
There are traces of a particular type of psionic interference in your mind, the type only used by metahumans
Okay, well, I'll start combing through the metahuman database
It would be best if he does not have to put up with rumors about you and his brother so soon after his coronation
I guess you can't invite me to your coronation ceremony
We're mixing metaphors all over the place
Zoom in on it!
Elon Musk, sees real problems ahead for humanity
RSO has the whole consulate on lockdown
Zoom in
HHS has activated the Strategic National Stockpile of vaccines and antivirals, so hopefully one of them will match this flu strain
Bringing an alien species into the White House while we're fighting a possible pandemic that originated with animals is a great idea
What about creating a new vaccine?
Zoom in
Dalton, gear up We need your team in Ukraine
Cassie Conner, CIA officer out of Ukraine, sent an SOS 12 minutes ago
Download metadata on each phone, then run MYSTIC on every single number
We immediately found that we could vaccinate the chimps
Know why I started wearing steeltoed boots and metal bracelets?
Plus, you'd only make me come here when you wanted to give me some longwinded advice that usually ended in weird metaphors, like punching sharks in the face
That's not a metaphor, okay?
Yeah, the sound of, uh, metal, it was jingling
Okay, Henry's on lockdown, perimeter's clear, and there's no sign of Murdoc anywhere in the city
If he can't return, he can't have the coronation ceremony
This same month, the Japanese government, in cooperation with private companies, unveils plans to unleash a countrywide drone delivery system by 2020, with selfdriving trucks to follow in 2022
And Inami Hiyama Laboratory brings to market a new prosthetic device called MetaLimbs, a pair of wearable robotic arms controlled by the legs and feet, giving the user two additional hands to work with
When Amaterasu is residing in the terrestrial plane, instead of the celestial plane, her home is the Grand Shrine at Ise, which is built without any nails, any metal fastenings whatsoever THOMAS KASULIS:
On the outside of this craft were multiple small metal plates, uh, not too dissimilar to heatresistant tiles that you'd find, say, on a space shuttle
Hey, look, I made a metaphor
Smallpox vaccination
It's the request of my viewer SadMetalDeliveryCase
Jay, I want to do stills and video, 'cause we want to prove that it's an openair market that Kane's running, all right?
And I gotta wear a frickin' nametag that says,
There is drought in Ukraine It rains in the USA
Elon Musk aside, most geniuses suck with money
I'm getting blood all over my thirdfavorite Metallica Tshirt
How many Metallica shirts do you own?
I read in her file she had a metal plate in her head, and wires in her jaw, and a titanium shoulder, so
One, according to the rock layers, that ship has been under there for about 12,000 years, and two, whatever metal it's made out of is not on the periodic table
Found a little piece of metal, a bullet
Yeah, Jack's birthday candle metaphor
Hospitals have metal detectors Only law enforcement can carry
Inventor of the smallpox vaccine?
And when I say bread, it's a metaphor, because you're not remotely breadlike, except insofar as bread is great
Mix the metaphors
You know, Jasper, when a piece of metal and a magnet develop feelings for each other, they get what's called attraction
Sokolov knows it's a war Ukraine can never win
Zoom
Don't zoom
You did a zoom
It's highly electrically conductive and precious metals, such as gold, have a certain chemical and molecular lattice
It'sit's all plastic Everything metal is outside
The metal screw in my leg
Everything metal's outside The metal screw in my leg Take it
Almost the way I can feel metal or electricity
It's metastasized to his chest cavity
The lens is mounted by a metal spring
On Earth, our magnetic field is produced deep inside the planet by the motion of churning liquid metal surrounding a hard inner core
But maybe the more interesting part of Saturn is that it would be surrounded by a metallic hydrogen envelope
That metallic hydrogen is likely the source of Saturn's magnetic field
tried cement, but nothing worked better than metal
And now with that metal coping skaters can go flying across no problem
Before he left Suihe, he was looking at the train timetable from Suihe to this city
And you're saying that she also took out an entire metal door and then put it back again
Zoom in
And that primitive civilizations struggled to understand how that machine worked, so they came up with metaphors to explain concepts that were just out of reach
The metal doors leading into the silo are also spark risks
So, to print the plug, we need an accurate measurement of the rupture, but we can't bring in a camera, a phoneanything metal that could cause a spark
We need lumber, metal rebar, anything we can scavenge
It's a little metal bone with dry cleaning paper on it
Your squad does work best together, but by all reports, the occupation of Lothal has become a complete lockdown
Zoom in on that spot and clean it up if possible
My grandmother has cancer, and it has metastasized
Piece of metal was jammed into the works
No, no A lockdown hurts us and helps her
Keeping that in mind, where's the most obvious place to hide a metadata file?
We found that the oxycodone had metabolized
You You are not able to comprehend the metaphor in this message for real now, right?
You have a lot of hefty metal tools
Can you zoom in on that car?
where the words zoom past you
Walk me through that metaphor The seed
II'm missing Diana Coronation and Diana at Centre Court
I'll get a metal barrel from the engine room
Now, filling it with water turns the pipe into a hydraulic cannon that can launch the metal drum
It's a metaphor, describing the trouble she has expressing herself for someone she loves
We can't scan my body without the metal disc that activates my new tattoos
There are metal detectors at every exit, specifically designed to keep things like that from leaving
I'll take care of the metal detector
So we can get the metal tattoo disc out of here
They zoom around at 200 miles per hour, on an oval tracks like this for long distances like 500 miles
Zoom, zoom, zoom
How long did it take to get access to the coronary sinus?
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm addressing you on the moment that is crucial for the destinies of Ukraine and entire global community
due to the Vasily Petrovich Goloborodko's inability to fulfill the duties of the president of Ukraine
based on the Constitution of Ukraine, the president's duties will be temporarily fulfilled by the State Committee of Emergency Situations
He has stolen 80 years from Ukraine and brought it back to 1937
The verdict to Chuiko is the verdict to entire Ukraine
The Security Service of Ukraine has dropped all charges against him
Tomorrow Chuiko will return to the chair of the prime minister of Ukraine
I'm not surprised I'm glad Who will be the head of the National Bank of Ukraine?
Therefore, I've decided to choose Olga Yurievna Mishchenko, taking into account her professional qualities and achievements on the position of the head of the National Bank of Ukraine
I want to resign from the office of the President of Ukraine at my own will
Ukraine is going to host the summit that will be attended by the entire global community
He is an economist with vast experience in private sector and the National Bank of Ukraine
[METAL CLATTERING]
With what appeared to be a metal pipe
We need to do a full body scan to make sure the cancer has not already metastasized
We're on full lockdown! Mutants tried to hit the power station
Observe full lockdown procedures
Repeat: full lockdown procedures are in effect
They're lined with adamantium, an extremely rare metallic alloy
We're right behind the propeller here which is zooming around, giving us that thrust forward
About paranormal events, metasymbiosis
Might as well grab Zuckerberg and Elon Musk while you're at it
The chairs are a metaphor for baseball
I'm more into hiphop, death metal, Little Mermaid
It's wrong that whatever country wins the most medals at the Winter Olympics gets to invade Ukraine
How do you feel about parents who don't vaccinate their kids?
Lot of metaphors, Bobby
It used a VPN and proxy servers to mask the IP, but I was able to pull the serial number from the metadata
Uh, zoom in on Carlos
The seat belt was broken so the metal buckle was screeching the ground
SpaceX founder Elon Musk called the event an incredible milestone in the history of space
I can assure you, his coronation is very much on schedule, and will take place at the annual Christmas Eve Ball
I wouldn't miss your brother's coronation for the world
Will the coronation be postponed?
The coronation's almost here, but I still don't know the real story
I remember your father's coronation at the Christmas Eve Ball
Well, the coronation cannot take place until a majority of the king's council officers are present
Once we have a quorum, the coronation must go on, today, as planned
We must now bear witness to the coronation of King Richard's blood heir
It seems to have originated in the Ukraine, though the exact location is still yet to be confirmed
Sadly, God did not bless me with a high metabolism
Did you make a hunk of metal with my face tell you it loves you?
They took the basic GI Joe body, this body right here, all 21 movable parts, and put some metalliclooking parts in there
[narrator] Humble, wooden beginnings for these metal titans, who, unbeknownst to the Takara designers prototyping them, were about to transform in a way much bigger than anyone could have imagined
Cybertron The whole planet is metal
That hunk of metal must be so heavy
You look like a person on the outside but you're a hunk of metal on the inside
Inmate 2023 has lost it You should go
According to Article Ten of Penal Labor Guidance, the labor timetable should be adjusted according to the inmates' daily schedule
Recently, he hurt his hand in a metal cutter, so he was absent for a few days
Is it full of metals? I took a peek It's filled with weapons
Sometani, who Watanabe called, was, until a few years ago, a member of the criminal organization known as the Hashimoto Clan
Sometani, who Watanabe called, was a member of the criminal organization known as the Hashimoto Clan until a few years ago
No need They haven't got the anticounterfeit metal wire They must be fake
The patient in bed number nine just had coronary artery bypass surgery
Stage four lung cancer with metastasis all over the body
Cover your boobs with your hand and I'll zoom in on them from the side
These Mothers, yeah, they could be code names for founding members with metaphoric histories
Thank s for spotting me for that Tdap vaccine
You know those metal bins that you have
No, those metal ones that you can, like, put clothes in and then burn them
I don't have a metal one
I love a metaphor I don't know if you know that about me
Pizza as a metaphor for our life
And a further development, we now have unconfirmed reports that the metahuman dubbed by social media as The Aquaman
And although the iron bars and barbed wire that separate them are both strong and sharp, the metaphysical lines are blurred and slight
Really put the pedal to the metal, you know?
Really put the pedal to the metal, you know?
It's a metaphor, Brian
[alarm buzzing loudly] [alarm stops] [metal cranks] I only sleep for 20 minutes at a time
All because it was built on a mound of the most valuable metal known to man
Vibranium, yeah, strongest metal on earth
It's not just a metal
A handheld sonic cannon, powerful enough to stop a tank untraceable by metal detectors
Did you just sports metaphor me?
We factored in his growth rate Same as his elevated metabolism
Insulating metamaterials wound counterclockwise in the shunt cabling
I used to think it was a metaphor
When you zoom in, the nose gives it away, right?
Oh, you're doing a metaphor!
That's such a good metaphor
Look who's embracing the metaphor
They were worn by Queen Supayalat at her selfanointed coronation in 1878
By this time tomorrow, we'll be sitting poolside sipping Coronas in Cabo, right?
We cannot reverseengineer a vaccine without Patient Zero
That rat was treated with our latest vaccine from your blood
What I'm trying to tell you is, basically, we're still far off the vaccine
A vaccine will prevent further infection, but
Someone will invent a cure for cancer and the vaccine will make everyone a zombie braineater
The Ukraine?
To minimize repercussions, a fiveyear interim is declared 2024 NORTHSOUTH SUMMIT:
a full metal jacket bullet which has the capacity to pass through each and every one of your heads
That is not full metal ammunition, sir
Get me a goddamn box, Al, and this time make sure it's got full metal jacket bullets in it!
But this time make sure it contains full metal jacket bullets
Sell me just one full metal jacket bullet
I need a full metal jacket cartridge
Is that a full metal jacket cartridge?
That is a full metal jacket rifle cartridge
Now, it's nothing to worry about but I will be giving all the students a series of vaccines, just to be safe
The doctor gave me the vaccine I'm fine
It's just a vaccine
Yes, the one with the metal plate under his shoe?
I have another vaccination for you today
Do all the crazy girls fall for your gardening metaphors?
Maybe they'll make you a metaphysical Ham and Rye
It's like his muscles are made of Cotati metal fiber
With the iris closed, I can't heat the metal
look, I'm not gonna throw myself into a yawning chasm just because it fits neatly into a metaphor!
The city is in lockdown It is martial law
Elite killers armed to the teeth, and the city streets on lockdown, so you can forget about the element of surprise
It's a metaphor, Rick
Probably not you specifically I think it's a metaphor
The zoom would be great from the other side of the bridge
Zoom on me You bring me in We sell a lot of videos
Would Elon Musk let a bit of failure get him down, huh?
Are you going to Ukraine?
Boy, you really work hard for these metaphors
My magic metallic heart, my battery Don't ever leave me
There's metaphors abound
Zoom in a little bit
The place kinda went on lockdown
It was a temporary exhibit and they built this metal grid to hang the dresses from
And an HPV vaccine
Field ops: Afghanistan, Mexico, Ukraine
Strips of soft metal
This fucking stadium is on lockdown
I ran her through metadatabase
Wolves, bears, red ants, whatever It's a flexible metaphor
Give me a timetable on the cure
Uh, this vaccine is a live virus Its DNA can unlock yours
Sir, we're on lockdown due to the storm
No identifying meta trail
She can see past our metadata, so I don't want a cop within a mile of me
You jammed your meta
Can someone zoom in over here?
Meta It's incredible
A dated metaphor for racism in the '60s
She pushed pieces of metal in to hold it in place
There's no black metal in the car, no thrash metal, no death metal
I feel like these metaphors have not been cleared for this pep rally
'The truck's a big heap of burnt metal'
All metal and shiny and dangerous
No, it's not a literal door It's a metaphysical one
Their bodies have great difficulty handling this extreme physical pressure, making skeletal, cardiac and metabolic disorders common
as well as the use of metal spurs and straps tightened around their abdomens, to make them buck and appear wild
and the base of their tail with metal shears
This drastically increases the risk of injuries, with up to 80% suffering from shin soreness, or dorsal metacarpal disease
Coronation day
This is a lockdown
No, no, no, it's not a metaphor
Was that a metaphor?
McClendon has been dishonorably discharged, stripped of his rank, and will spend the rest of his life in prison on lockdown
The rVSV vaccine hasn't worked for him
Given that this particular strain of Ebola is vaccineresistant, what does the CDC have in the way of treatment options?
I'm gonna be at the Raven on Coronado Street if you change your mind
That piece of metal contains the quantum variance from my world
Dad, it's just a bunch of old metal
That was very much a metaphor for what we're going through now
Something he needed, supplies for his battery, books for research, metals, plastics
It's Russianmade, they use it in the Ukraine
[metal clatters]
(metal clatters) Francine?
Chief's putting you on lockdown?
Can you zoom in?
Good luck getting that up and running before Walker finds out Lincoln's in lockdown
Solid metal
Looks more like a coronation
And smetana
And he smashed his hip into a metal pole
Metal sheets
I was speaking metaphorically
We could go wine tasting in Napa, or we could go to The Del Coronado in San Diego
It's a metaphor We can never undo the damage that Dylan's dads have done
Scrap metal
I'm setting off metal detectors and shit TSA hate to see me coming
What do they call you guys? Like Zoomies?
In a lockdown rehab facility
These marks on the victim's scalp at the anterior side of the skull match the metal rod on this particular grille guard
hep C vaccine Who gives a shit about hep C?
I don't want to walk in asking for corn yields or vaccines, when we could have aa windfall on our hands
Italian vaccination numbers and a classified seismic summary of the 2009 earthquake
We know that your world had no part in the pandemic that decimated our cities, just as we had no part in the killing of a police officer on foreign soil
With one of those spiky metal balls, and nobody's been suspicious, because I've just been dragging his corpse around Weekend at Bernie's style
And your lemon metaphors
The benefits of a speedster's metabolism
I was speaking of them metaphorically, but, yes, I did recently visit the spirit world
Leaves a metaphysical connection, love
Sara and I also share a very, very strong metaphysical connection
I can feel something, I think it's metal
Execute immediate lockdown procedure
Unlikely he'd survive a metal spike being driven into his ear
Run westward Jump over the metal fence!
I'll have a Corona
I don't think the budget is realistic for wheelchair access and metal detectors so we need to provide them both
Careful around these metal lines Sometimes they can be electrified
Zoom
Laurel is a meta
Lockdown mode now
That's a confusing metaphor
Zoom in
Do you understand the metaphor? Please
[Davis] Pedal to the metal
Well, crazy metaphor aside, can I offer some advice?
Isn't she supposed to be on lockdown?
Slayer of Metallica, take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife?
Which is exactly why I'm trying to turn this metal echo chamber into a home
He wound up living in a metal box
And that, gentlemen, is not a metaphor
Okay, well, didn't God create the explorers that led us to the Elder ruins and the metal for stack technology?
There's been no blip in the metadata that suggests
FSB pulled the same fake invasion shit in the Ukraine
But we are like Ukraine
When they zoom in and out, they lose pixels
This is crazy because you're from the Ukraine and I just auditioned to be a Ukrainian farm girl in a GEICO ad
Is it Ukraine or the Ukraine?
That was just a metaphor You know that the toilet is designed to take the work out of it for you, right?
That is a perfect metaphor, Amy Thank you
It's not a perfect metaphor
I mean, the HAVw A5 turbo tank has metal gripping wheels, but I wouldn't call them tires
Metallic gray or red?
Metallic gray
Metallic gray?
So, too, our ancient coronation stone and yet remains in Scotland a little gold and good men to work it
You're about to be part of an amazing metamorphosis
Uh, well, I was thinking about the country's vaccine stockpiles
You're wondering if someone made a move into Big Pharma knowing vaccine stockpiles would be depleted?
Hey, look, man between me and you, that dragon that you fought that was metaphorical, right?
When we were younger, they injected kids with a free vaccination
Anansi knew it when he survived the vaccination that killed all of the other children
We have civilians down on the inside, the church and surrounding buildings are on lockdown
Ladies and gentlemen, please have your invitations in hand as you go through the metal detector
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
What about the other metas on the bus?
There's a meta attack downtown We gotta go
Yeah, we're definitely dealing with a meta here
Guys, if this meta can cause these levels of radiation in these patients, it means this meta has a similar makeup to a nuclear bomb
Thanks to your metametabolism, your radiation burns should disappear in the next few minutes
She's gonna analyze his DNA, see if it's the same as the other metas and be able to neutralize him
Simply the fact that he's not a metahuman
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Twelve markers, twelve metas
So the baby's not a meta?
If the baby is not a meta, then where did these powers come from?
But we all agree, doing business in a city with metahumans can be a little risky
I figured maybe I could help dig up some clues, now that I'm a meta
Babe, you're not a meta
A culprit who, by the way, has metahuman powers that we are partially responsible for
Or for Cisco and I to become ittybitty metahumans?
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Welcome to my own personal metablock
Any metas you sell, we split the profits evenly
Wolfe is trafficking metahumans?
I mean, Amunet deals in metas and Wolfe has a prison full of them
Okay, we're out of legal options, and Cisco can't breach Barry out of the metawing, so how do we stop this?
Being a metaprisoner or a metapet, what's the difference?
She captures metas, sells them to the highest bidder
Once we're far enough away from the metawing, we'll get our powers back
You're talking about finding Amunet, plus a prison full of armed metaguards on their turf
Which means there are no metadampeners on the other side of this door
Judging by the swelling, I'd say you have a fracture on either the fourth or fifth metacarpal
You know, not every meta uses their powers to hurt people
Engage lockdown
There was nothing keeping him from going inside the metawing and absorbing the powers of every meta in Iron Heights
He only wants the bus metas, he wants their powers for something, all of them
We know a bus meta
Supposed to remain in the metahuman wing at Iron Heights
And the bus metas?
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
He only wants the bus metas, he wants their powers
But we live in a city full of metahumans
We know that we still have four busmetas left to find
Ralph is safe with us, but the other four metas aren't
I don't know I just know that these last four metas are the key
Lost and found box from meta bus 405
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
We have no leads on the next three bus metas
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
He only wants the bus metas He wants their powers All of them
What if I just, like, breach all three of the bus metas to, like, Earth2?
We alter each bus meta's DNA by performing intercellular surgery?
How many more metas have to die before we finally stop DeVoe?
Of course, it's risky, but if we succeed, we will save the lives of the four remaining bus metas, including a member of our team
There are still three bus metas out there
Right now, we should be trying to stop DeVoe and finding those last few bus metas 'cause I got a bad feeling one of them is gonna show up soon
Yeah, so if he was one of our bus metas,
You're an OG meta
If this Erik Frye metastasizes solar radiation to create heat, we could put him in the dark to depower him
Okay, so if this guy is not one of the bus metas, then that means that there's still three more out there before DeVoe gets to me, so I'm safe
You got all that from your fancy metal cap?
He's not getting rid of metas He's creating new ones
Then he can remove the meta DNA from DeVoe
That makes them totally pliable, so he can extract them and infuse somebody else with the exact same meta DNA
Dark matter splicing, pattern DNA cloning, even regrowing metaenhanced stem material on a cellular level
He isn't gonna stop until he gets all the bus metas, which means we have to stop him
DeVoe's shown weakness against other bus metas in the past
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
He only wants the bus metas, he wants their powers, all of them
The last two remaining bus metas
Melting Point's on our team now, we just need to find the other two bus metas
Well versed in the metascience
So we're looking for a meta with super strength?
I was just trying to speed up the process of finding this meta, Allen
Out of the 12 bus metas we've found, DeVoe is in control of seven of them
This is the second meta to evade the dampening cuffs
The added combination of dark matter from all our subject metas is overwhelming this host's body
And then, when you complete your work, we will continue on our journey to find the remaining two bus metas
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
All right, this might be our last chance to find any clues on the final bus meta
What do we know about this meta?
All right, guys, say hello to our last known bus meta,
Now, listen, locating this meta is not a task that we have to accomplish
Safe Because DeVoe has never successfully attacked metas in a maximum security facility before
Watching DeVoe ahead of us at every turn, watching Caitlin get skewered, watching the metas drop like flies one by one, because we can't save them
Before you cuff a meta, make sure the light is the right color
He must've used Melting Point's powers to entangle your metaDNA
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
There's been no decline in your metabolic processes since your last transference
My mind, my abilities, these elasticized cells, can hold another bus full of metahumans powers, and I still wouldn't be affected
That doesn't make sense DeVoe created every bus meta for a reason
I mean, he had no interest in Barry's powers, or Cisco's, or any of the metas at Iron Heights, so, I don't know why he would suddenly want yours
Look, Barry, you want me to help you move a metahuman nuclear bomb that some genius with nearly every meta power on this board is after,
Metahuman nuclear bomb Metahuman nuclear bomb
With me at the ready in case our meta of mass destruction here goes all mushroom cloud
Well, just your typical deadly combat between two metas from multiple Earths
The Flash's involvement with the busmeta
And now, I've lost my only nuclear meta
He created 12 metahumans just so he could steal their powers
Yeah, getting hit against a metal container wall sort of does that
I brought that metal piece from the shipping container in case we wanna try covibing later,
She tried to sell me into meta slavery
Well, apparently, after her deal with Warden Wolfe took a nosedive, she's been out of the meta trafficking business
I just think maybe telling everybody about a metahuman ubergenius who plans on rebooting people's brains
Satellite's not picking up any of your alnico metal anywhere in the city
And what about a geological scan of the metal signature like last time or having Cisco run another algorithm to check the electromagnetic fields in the city?
I was hoping to use it again to get Killer Frost to come out, but it was hidden with her metal shards in the storage container
It is a bit timeconsuming to remove blood from metal
Barry, there is no antidote for metahuman venom that potent
She was never gonna help us She just wanted her metal
Filled with shrapnel and bound with my metahuman je ne sais quoi
Yeah, and Amunet did give us the alnico metal projectile bomb
And I'll start figuring out how to launch this psychic dark matterinfused metal shrapnel bomb
Our most powerful metadampener is set on the building,
About DeVoe and the bus metas, all of it, okay?
So you think this hormone is stretching her metapowers?
He created 12 metahumans just so he could steal their powers
Clifford created the bus metas and a combination of the abilities to ensure that he could defeat anyone whose assistance you might enlist
Clifford's meta abilities are no longer controlling each satellite
You know, Marlize, there are still a lot of metas out there
From metal gods to obscure hair bands Nothing
All for a pile of scrap metal underwater
I don't know, metaphor?
He's putting the place on lockdown
Given the hatchetjob your friend Jughead is writing about us, your mother and I feel it's best to accelerate our timetable
A blockage on the line, a change to the timetable, and the arrival of the onceaweek train delivered your sister to her death
Head stamp gives us date, lot number, as well as the case metal code
Right, Ovid's Metamorphoses
Metaphysical work?
Someone made a move, knowing vaccine stockpiles would be depleted
Someone made a move, knowing vaccine stock piles would be depleted
The weapon is made of carbonfiberreinforced thermoplastic to evade metal detectors
Using a fine particulate aerosol spray, Vorlaris can vaccinate one square mile of inhabitants in 20 minutes, protecting healthy populations against the spread of an epidemic with unparalleled speed and efficiency
1978 2024 DAYS
A pandemic was spreading across America
A vaccine was needed
And then it starts a pandemic
and it starts a pandemic
Oh, it's this kid's game, where you would try to throw these minimetallic javelins into the air onto these rings that you put on a lawn
Roommate hadn't seen him in 18 hours Both of the victims have metal dowels impaled through their sternums
I went out to confront her, and she threw a damn metal pole at me
Hyah! And she threw a damn metal pole at me
Follow protocol for systemwide lockdown
This is a Stage One lockdown Security breach in the Med Lab
Stage One lockdown
Zoom that in
Metalhead?
He wanted to know how I operated the metal bar for the cars to pass
He wanted to know how I operated the metal bar
Zoom in There
No, like the duct system The metal tube in the ceiling
Soon as lockdown's lifted we gotta move
The prison remains in lockdown, as investigators question staff and inmates to establish if the two has assistance and what their plans were on the outside
You need to lift the lockdown!
It's the lockdown
Right, I'll lift the lockdown, you implement it
Lockdown is now lifted
Lockdown
We dismiss the Grim Reaper as a quaint metaphor
This is the third time subject has turned into a zombie since taking the protovaccine
On the bright side, the vaccine works
In the movie, the enemy, the T1000, which is an android assassin played by Robert Patrick, has harnessed the properties of liquid metal, which quickly disperses and reconstitutes
You're starting to mix your metaphors
Save your physics metaphors for later in life when you are regaling naive college students about your legendary time at the Agency
Zoom
Zohm? Zoom
Hell, we'd grow twice as much food if it wasn't for the heavy metals you're leaking
A zoom or a dolly?
What is the fundamental aesthetic distinction between a zoom and a dolly?
Subsequent payments will be made according to this timetable
The board wanting to put metal detectors in the school
It's not about the metal
Jefferson, it's not about the metal detectors, it's about the safety of the students
Look, I saw your Instagram and I zoomed in on your initials and you know, I found you
Also, I think I sold my kidney to a guy in the Ukraine
The first was at the planes of Garabandal, Spain, early 2024
Or a time of celebration for the coronation of a new one?
Like, all the all the metaphors were very kind of commonplace, which is normal because you're just experimenting with the nature of all of this
Liquid metal
You treat this little fella with a formaldehyde solution and voila, you have a vaccine for tetanus
A vaccine
Why would an opium dealer need tetanus vaccines?
Pause Zoom in
The vaccine must come from Renway
If Renway controls the vaccine, the only thing standing in his way is that little girl
Just marveling at the intricate process involved in jabbing a metal tube in one's arm and then extracting the fluid necessary to sustain human life
Russia's not exactly on friendly terms with Ukraine
Well, if this is Earth and this is Alpha Centauri, we are, metaphorically, maybe, a 600year drive away
Okay, so, not metaphorically
Well, she can't hammer metal stakes into the ground like they're toothpicks
They metabolize hydrocarbons We are all quite stranded
There's a strange metallic buzz, like something very close, except it's everywhere
Stop with the bird metaphors
Everyone knows that the Church pendants are made of precious metals
Oh! Today must be the anniversary of the coronation of the king
Zoom in Not just tires Oversized
I simply cannot Well, I didn't know you had such discerning taste, with that chaos of scrap metal hanging off your wrist
Maybe some sort of heavy metal poisoning, lead or mercury
The cancer metastasized to her tibia
You see that bump above your coronal suture?
Your coronary disease didn't just develop overnight
A mild case of whooping cough can present as a cold, but I'm assuming that your son is vaccinated?
David, when God created the world, he also created metaphors
It's full of beautiful stories and metaphors and and poems that shouldn't be taken literally
63% of women who die suddenly from coronary heart disease had no previous symptoms, and women of color are at a far greater risk
She could have a coronary dissection
And we need to find out how deep that metal is penetrating
Uh, he pulled the metal out, and and he's bleeding out of what I think is his femoral and II didn't want to leave him and I didn't know what else to do, sso I
I mean, yyyou know the metal
Not even with vaccines
The river was a metaphor for her depression
Um, I just wanted to be clear that the gay themes and the suicidal themes are just a metaphor
A metaphor for
I found some prison records on various Oksanas around Russia and Ukraine
Here's the thing, that balloon wants us to be the best version of ourselves, but for the four of us, that's not just a metaphor
I'm Tahani AlJamil, a vainglorious attentionseeker, with enough jealousy to power Elon Musk's underwater mansion, which I've been to, by the way
It might set off metal detectors from now on
The nearterm window is set, but we have to hit every target to stick to that timetable
There's simply no way we could stick to our timetable
You, you stay with the crew You keep them on lockdown
Many fingerprints were left on the specific page of the timetable
He's riddled with metastatic cancer
Warden Lacy, he told me he had always thought the devil was just a metaphor, but now he knew the devil was a boy
The metal detectors will help, but we should assume they won't play by the rules
And then, bam! Scrap metal!
But this lockdown is awesome Maybe it's the Daleks
No, no, no, no Ridiculous We are in lockdown
Okay, DoubleA Alex Alvarez and Syd Vicious coming at you from hashtag, lockdown
Thanks so much for dinner but I'm not really that hungry, so I'm gonna chill till the lockdown's over
You may come out of your homes The lockdown is over
Some obvious metaphors there, but there's a universality to it
No, look, zoomed in like that, the footage is too grainy to be conclusive
I promise, no metal will touch you except for handcuffs
Back then, terrorism wasn't a pandemic like it is now
Do you have any other metals on you?
That was a metaphor, by the way
Well, you're consistently being a dick How's that for a metaphor?
Twisted metal, ambulances, body parts all over
That's a metaphor
So my entire childhood, I never had a vaccination, never had any medicine
Yeah, we never had a vaccination, never had
I heard someone say that a junk drawer is a metaphor for your life
Those people out there, ours and theirs, their bodies will metabolize nonessential proteins first
Come on, man, we were stuck in a metal tube for 2,201 days
It's my belief that the majority of metaphysical philosophy was written by unattractive men who were terrified of the opposite sex
The black site itself will be fairly rudimentary, but Sheridan retrofitted the old Soviet base with a system of emergency lockdowns that you really don't want to be the ones to trigger
Is that a metal detector?
We're in lockdown, sir!
We're in lockdown
I also know that in lockdown, you and Parker have the override keys
whose crumbling ceiling might have proved to be too apt a metaphor
But I'll leave the metaphors to the poets and detectives
Oggun for iron or metal
Here's your timetable
We're gonna try and pry apart the metal so I can free you from inside, all right?
That's why I'm glad we can do this go give out vaccines, not think about it
You want a Hepatitis vaccine before we go?
This metal heats up quick
These jagged metal pieces are tricky
Not after it goes into lockdown
Station 42 says the garage roof is covered in weld mesh and multiple layers of metal tiles
There's got to be a way out of this damn metal box
Well, it's only a metaphor
Only a metaphor!
Yeah, it's a beautiful piece of metal
Can you zoom in on the hand?
Coral is organic waste, blue is clear glass and Pacific blue is metal
I think someone like myself or even like Ronnie Coleman, we were just training pedal to the metal
He was metamorphosizing into something that we'd never seen before
When she fled the Ukraine during the war this was the only thing of value she could take
If Elon Musk threatened to fuck us with a strapon, you'd call it leadership
Can you zoom in?
All this metal, there's none of it in those photos
He's here, but he is floating in a metal box filled with saltwater
So, I've been reading some of the work they've been doing on flu vaccines
Now, there is a theory that antibodies from a survivor of a particularly deadly flu could be used to develop a universal flu vaccine, one capable of preventing all flus
Whoever developed such a vaccine would enjoy significant financial reward, and Eric Russo's antibodies would be quite the prize
She would have been holding back information that could stop a pandemic
It's a metaphor
What's a metaphor?
A metaphor is
We've noticed a spike in metadata regarding POTUS in this location
Look, zoom in
Number 2021!
suddenly drops dead of a coronary the moment he sets foot in federal custody
And your heavy metal friend?
Not much left in this world you can put your faith in, but forged metal pounded into shape
Don't you love it when the metaphors turn out to be literal?
They were on a research trip to a village on the UkraineRussia border
Mutant metamorphosis! I love it!
And metal structures
Therefore, the quantity of foundation piles and metal
We can all point fingers next week, it'll be a world of fun, but this thing is still metastasizing on the ground
The church agreed to metal detectors
You know these fucking clothes that moms wear, all that cheesyass animal print and loud metallic shiny shoes
Period No deeper meaning, no metaphor for human existence, nothing
Magnets that will rip anything metal out of your body
Do you have anything metal in your body, Mr Reynolds?
Mr Reynolds has a penile implant, a metalbased penile implant
Yo, is that the Zoom R8?
No, Uncle Al's had Janelle on lockdown
Run serum ammonia level and a urine for metabolic errors
There are no anatomic, infectious, or metabolic causes that explain this baby's condition
In all of western civilization, there is nothing more common than coronary artery heart disease, and that is because of the foods that most people eat every day
When you eat animal products, you start to form plaques in the coronary arteries
They did a metaanalysis looking over six prospective dietary studies over a 130,000 patients and they came to the conclusion that one milligram a day of heme iron is associated with a 27 percent increase in risk of coronary heart disease
After a year, even severely clogged coronary arteries became measurably less clogged, and even more improvement after five years
I have a good metabolism
Such thin layers of metal, plates put together
Uh, not as quick as I can use metadata to figure out where the video was uploaded from
If you issue a lockdown, you can
So I sought out his financials, as well as his cell phone and Internet metadata, for the last ten years
I've even hacked into Elon Musk's experimental AI
The darkness is a metaphor for darkness!
Could you zoom in there please, Nancy?
Because it was plastic, and even the bullet was ceramic, so the metal detectors were of no use
I'm to communicate that our queen is commissioning you to design the dress for her coronation as empress
And I have six bats to choose from in the garage Wood, Wiffle, metal
Target's on The third floor Initiate lockdown Procedure now!
Lockdown, level one
Its metaphysical The readings Im Getting off this thing
Lockdown procedure initiated
ITSUKI METALS
We're on lockdown
Yeah, it's pink, and white, and shiny and metal, and hot, and loud
Because all my friends are metalheads Swear they'd never catch us dead
When Katie was in a coma, the metabolic demand on her heart was very low
Don't think British jurisdiction reaches the Ukraine
The fact it's on a server in the Ukraine makes it very difficult
Zoom in on that van logo
It's a long way from 2023
That is what's called metastasis
What happened to our bill (HEAVY METAL MUSIC PLAYS) Why?
(HEAVY METAL MUSIC PLAYS)
It's a British heavy metal band
[GRUNTS] [METAL CLANGING]
Metal?
I saw this kind of damage back when I was a surgeonin a metalworker
Potassium sulfide is used to patina bronze, but it can also be used to artificially age metallic objects to make them look ancient
I got my hands on the metadata going into his computer
2024, Brett Cole will be the President
The air's, like, 50% metal
Spicy food boosts metabolism
The whole thing functions as a metaphor
Is that a metaphor?
Protocol and tradition are the metal from which every cop in this city is forged
Maybe stress is good for the metabolism
So, ever since 2004, all US currency has been printed using metallic ink
Means more metal
We should have our own makeshift metal detector
My sources tell me, David Poe, the editor of the Freeland Gazette, canceled a series of articles which would've exposed the vaccine as the source of those enhanced abilities
What I'm in favor of is ending the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and allowing our Ukrainian friends to join NATO
And it actually originated from a server in Ukraine
Santana, I want you and Mills on the next flight to Ukraine
I was in the Ukraine for the first Battle of Mariupol
Lanthanum is a rare earth metal, OK?
It's a rare earth metal used in hightech stuff
The real story is rare earth metals
You know, Xeon mining these rare earth metals that he found
Lanthanides, rare earth metals
Steve went to him to talk about these rare earth metals
Steve went to him to talk about these rare earth metals
Full Metal, head over there, show them what happens when they mess with us?
We were supposed to go to Coronado, you know?
Full Metal, prep to blow the drone in place, then you're gonna escort the straps to exfil
Derek, Franklin and Full Metal will be your drivers Lead Hummer
It's on lockdown We need to get out
Dorie, you are familiar with metaphysical solipsism?
Metaphysical solipsism is a philosophical theory
Metaphysical solipsism is wrong
Longer lockdown?
You know our lockdown is over, right? You don't have to stay in here no more
I got 36 hours worth of lockdown mail right here
We were on 36hour lockdown Sue me for going down a Pinterest hole
Okay, look, zoom in to the degradation point
I've been using the Amazon rainforest as my Zoom background for the last month, so I checked with my boss, and he said he's fine with me working from the Amazon rainforest
See? Look It's just zoomed in
They probably created the virus in order to push their vaccine on us Do you reckon?
Professor Olpes says it should be relatively easy to isolate the virus and find a vaccine
I mean, there's probably a vaccine out there by now
I guarantee, I think there's some pharmaceutical company that's just waiting to cash in on their vaccine
They'll have a vaccine They will have a vaccine, yes
There is a vaccine
The vaccine has a sideeffect that we don't we don't really notice it at first
I had Jefferson take that damn vaccine, and it was tainted
Metahumans?
Metahumans have organic powers, which means they come from within
But it looks like he's gotten an implant with a synthetic liquid metal
Unless we can get a DNA sample from a metahuman with stable DNA to rewrite the bad DNA from
Find Black Lightning's body and this metahuman girl
Focus on Gambi and the metahumans
If they think there's some kind of metahuman arms race, they are gonna keep coming after you
[TEAM LEADER] Metahuman known as Thunder has been packaged
All I need is a sample of stable metahuman genetics
Didn't expect her to be there or the metahuman that attacked the Plummer crew
It's solid metal
I heard he requested a lockdown yesterday
Solid metal
Adrenalin causes a rise in metabolic heat production
Peach is stage four metastatic
This metaphor made a lot more sense when I came to it with Dr Nicky
'Cause I checked mine with building security so it wouldn't have to go through the metal detector
Metaphorically, yes
There's a difference between crunching metadata to try to find missing nuclear waste and trying to hunt someone down
As I've been saying all week, Neil, there is no timetable
Guys, if you can hear me, I need you to put the Waverider on lockdown
Sara wanted the ship on lockdown
Enough with the metaphors It's a simile
You want a metaphor?
ASA's dissected enough metas
I analyzed it, and it's a vaccine
A vaccine? For what?
But what I am sure about is the components of the vaccine are the same active ingredients in Green Light
Well, I've been doing some analysis of a vaccine from 30 years ago
Turns out that the vaccine's related to Green Light
Well, a vaccine has to be governmentapproved
You moved here around the time the vaccine came to Freeland
I went to see Gambi, like you suggested, to see if he could help me find the source of that vaccine
But their vaccine inadvertently created metahumans
But when I realized that the ASA's vaccine was killing children
[LYNN] That sample Anissa brought over from your father's investigation, it's a vaccine
Components of the vaccine are the same active ingredients in Green Light
You moved here around the time the vaccine came to Freeland
Okay, we know there's a connection between Green Light and the vaccine that my father was looking into
They were conducting an experiment in Freeland, giving the people a vaccine to make them docile
But their vaccine inadvertently created metahumans
And then the vaccines
But the vaccines inadvertently gave a few kids powers
The ASA made Green Light to replicate the accident they made with the vaccine, but most of the people that take Green Light, they don't develop powers
But when I realized that the ASA's vaccine was killing children,
Instead, it gave some of them metahuman abilities
O ur yields are higher now than they were with the vaccine, but the survival rate is no better
I have come to believe he is a product of the vaccine
She's isolating this metagene so she can stop it
Are you trying to isolate Jennifer's metagene?
Another student claimed to have seen the other meta,
Tell me you're not writing another dead puppy thing as a metaphor for your dad dying
There's nothing to fear except for fear itself, and not falling in a bunch of sharp metal and broken glass, so don't do that!
The book of denomination, by Lord Yannu Metahkken Rino Faxtinus Leitch
A citywide lockdown is immediately in effect as FillmoreGraves conducts a manhunt for serial killer Ronnie 'Sugar' Cain
In fairness, the whole city is on lockdown
A 4K touchscreen precision display, gunmetal chassis and a hypercharged SSD that makes its YSeries brethren look like a little
Hence the lockdown
I need him to make an official statement about the lockdown
Then the lockdown happened
You know, with this lockdown, we're all kinda bald eagles tonight
Maybe she's the key to finding a vaccine
Don E And I had an inspired idea for the remainder of this lockdown
Lockdown's over
I'm going to die here, in a strange city, surrounded by people you don't know, poking around my body, and then poking around my corpse to see if they can make a vaccine
Isobel could be the key to creating a vaccine that could prevent every human on the planet from catching the zombie virus
Desk appearance ticket, unlicensed dog, no vaccination certificate
Zoom in on that
The cell's comms are encrypted but metadata suggests a pattern of reconnoitring schools
The metadata fits with a cell on our watchlist
The bullets can pierce the windows but they can't get through the armoured metal
Area lockdown ongoing ETA two minutes
Airspace is on lockdown
Metaphorically speaking
Can't keep it on lockdown for more than about 10 days, right?
Vaccination records
Zoom in to the reactor
Metaphors are different from similes
Because the chumming was just a metaphor
She''s the one who''s setting the timetable, and giving you the choice 
Look,wekissed,the nightofthelockdown
The zoom in the last shot felt unmotivated
Unmotivated zoom
Ms Escovido
He was right outside the back door, and he saw me and zoomed off
Zoom in
All those years, I assumed he was speaking metaphorically, but clearly not
And killing me, literally and metaphorically
Oh, I haven't been this drunk, you know, since Queen Victoria's coronation
Yeah, metaphorically speaking
Where do you think he got the living metal in Antarctica?
The War of the Sexes won't be a metaphor anymore
Metaphorically, of course
I'm gonna give you a metaphor, okay? Think of your relationship as a house
I'm just saying, I could metaphor circles around you all day long
I have great metaphors
You'll forget all about it And then one day, out of the blue [metal clangs]
The metapsychology of the ABC system draws largely from your earlier, more serious academic work regarding confrontation, Dr Mantleray
But I can still push the pedal to the metal in my wonderful Porsche Cayenne and run over Akhmed's black ass
And how many of you have had your children vaccinated as per New York State law?
Even if there are heavy metals in the water, we can't prove they came from the construction site
That's why the woman who was murdered found such high concentrations of heavy metals
Sand acts as a natural barrier against heavy metals in the earth's crust
It's a soft metal
Zoom in on the lower right corner on the person who's about leave
I'm Metal and she is Earth
Why don't you grab yourself a Corona, hit play and enjoy the ride
EKG's normal It's not coronary
Okay, we need to get rid of the window blinds, curtain rods, jacket hooks, and make sure there's no metal rivets or eyelets on the mattress
Um, what's he gonna do with a metal eyelet?
It could be a secondary tumor metastasized to your brain from somewhere else
And get me a coagulation and metabolic profile
But also, a lot of the toys back then were made out of metal
And, well, you used metal for other stuff
A lot of toys were like that, where you had a metal rod attached to a helicopter, or in the case of Star Trek, to the Enterprise
Ovarian cancer that metastasised into the bone
Can you zoom in? Hmm
Well, I've recently discovered that Hetty has her pilot's license, has an ongoing game of Catan with Elon Musk, and is currently being courted by a noted entomologist who would like to name a rare species of Madagascar wasp after her
We'll have to resect it and look for other metastasis
I found a single metastatic mass in your intestine causing an obstruction, which I removed, all of it
It's not that I haven't seen you turn common metals into gold
There's no sign of Murdoc anywhere in the city Henry's on lockdown
Different metals and gemstones look best with specific skin tones
You don't have news in the Ukraine
How about if you taste the metal of man? !
Zoom in
Zooming in
So I get the vaccinations, the birth control
Initial tests show he was exposed to heavy metals
Why do those Marines have metal in their remains?
First off, metal toxicity
I don't know what the sevens point to, or why those Marines have metal in their ashes
Okay, arsine is in the family of heavy metal poisons
Like dense metalloids known for their toxicity
You can hear loud music every night from an empty scrap metal yard, and you can hear something like a dying scream sometimes
And once your walk through one of our 15 TSAapproved metal detectors, anything is possible
If that's the case, why not use metal and pour concrete?
Can I get a Corona when you get a chance?
We have time That metal could be tamponading a major vessel
Assault conviction when he was 18 for a fight outside of a Metallica concert, but nothing since, and Mom's spotless
A soaring bird Rain on a metal roof
Elon Musk himself gives humanity a 5% shot of surviving AI, and he is a Walt Disneylevel optimist
Walk it off is a metaphor, Jason
In this one, I'm a millionaire who sold his first startup to Elon Musk when he was 16 years old
just 'cause they swear that they're cool or they're on some sort of hipsterfriendly wave or or this whole postmodern metapseudo
All right, I see metal A lot of shrapnel
Wait! Freeze that Zoom in
Look, I think he'd appreciate the extra help 'cause the Kingdom just sent in this large shipment of scrap metal to melt down
Demethylated metabolites are excreted by a body that's taken a synthesis of methoxybenzaldehyde
It had metastasised into her lungs and liver
Precinct's on lockdown
My team's gonna help with the lockdown, make sure nobody's in any immediate medical danger
And metal And didn't set off the machines downstairs
But really, you were smuggling pieces of the device through the metal detectors
So, I hope you enjoyed today, gentlemen, 'cause there are plenty more lockdowns in all of your near futures
The kidnapped sisters were found safe at an Astoria metal shop and are being treated at the scene
NYPD has another 12 in lockdown
I am like cousin Aurensio at the beach with his metal detector
It's a metaphor
If Rasmus carries antibodies for a vaccine, you can all get out
If a vaccine is to come of it
We need to initiate a lockdown
Can we start making the vaccine?
When I was in prison, they paid me $175 to make metal cabinets
The chip itself is intact, but both metallic connectors are damaged
And you're sending money back home to Metapán
Can you zoom in?
I'm gonna walk out of this room and I'm gonna call the FBI office in El Salvador and I'm going to get them to find your brother in Metapán
Then there was an event with my crew concerning a bit of aurelac, and words and metal flew
You have a fifth metatarsal fracture in your foot
He knew how to trigger the lockdown
Yeah, my guess is whatever you did to trigger the lockdown disabled this
Well, there's been armed conflict in Ukraine since 2014, after Russia annexed Crimea
Imagine the CDC sending lifesaving vaccines to properly equipped machines across the globe
Thrash metal, death metal
Haritsumeta taiki narabu hyoukai 張りつめた大気 並ぶ氷塊 Mounds of ice lined up in the taut atmosphere
I found remnants of a metallic disc under the driver's side carriage
[METAL BANGING IN DISTANCE]
[METAL GRINDING]
[METAL CLANGING IN DISTANCE]
[METAL BAR CLANGS]
I know it took longer than you had desired, but I had a devil of a time getting my hands on his vaccination records
when Fievel the mouse leaves Ukraine for America after hearing that there are no cats and the streets are paved with cheese?
Zoom in on One
My friend Corona swallowed a tape worm to lose weight, and it ate one of her organs
Eight Coronas, Jimmy
Is they believe Humbaba to be a metaphorical giant, a myth
There it is, HUE Zoom in
Just untie me, you metallic moron!
The, uh, dogged drudgery of chasing down every lead, upending every chestnut shell to find that metaphorical pea
Metal scraps from the work that they were doing here
It's the stray scraps of metal that are around a metal part after it's been punched out a machine press
Fullmetal, semiautomatic M1911A1 pistol
I feel like I'm getting close to a vaccine
I'd be able to extract some of that chemical and could potentially manufacture a vaccine
It appears the antigens produced by Isobel's brain isn't a vaccine
We've acquired the most powerful material It's nanometal
Autonomous metal
It's the Houtua's arrowhead, right? Is that nanometal?
The exterior had changed, but the arrowheads and knives that the native people were using was definitely nanometal
An artisan made weapons utilizing this special metal characteristic
Originally, for nanometal to selfregenerate, it fused on a molecular level with its surroundings and had an ability to duplicate
If we can find the harvesting location, and collect a good amount of nanometal, we can defeat Godzilla
Whether we fight Godzilla again or not can be decided after we determine the effectiveness of the alternated nanometal
Let's ask where the nanometal is
IIt's all nanometal
This one has turned into nanometal as well
Perhaps the material for the townlike structures are being provided by the metallic chemical element that it consumed
I thought you said nanometal won't attack humans!
The exterior is covered with nanometal, huh?
If we mobilize all the proliferated nanometal, we can deploy an overwhelming material warfare strategy
Currently, we're strengthening an existing weapon with nanometal
With this Vulture's saturated attacks, we'll provoke Godzilla, divert it to the trap point, and drop it on the detour route in the underground's nanometal vein, and swiftly carry it to the capture point
For the heat ray, we'll use laminated heat armor plating, spray nanometal particles, deploy a thermal energy buffer zone, and somehow hold out
At the capture point, we'll fill it with liquid nanometal, and stop it
It seems like all of the nanometal will be handled by the Bilusaludo
Unless you're saying you don't like how the Bilusaludo are monopolizing nanometal?
Our nanometal is amazing, right?
Can that be reproduced with nanometal's abilities?
Should we believe in the Bilusaludo and nanometal?
If she stays near the City, she'll be supplied with nanometal's endless energy
Maybe that doesn't have a good affinity with this nanometal
But I can't help but feel that nanometal is something dreadful
If it beats Godzilla, will the nanometal then consume the land?
The nanometal has gone crazy and is eating the Bilusaludos!
Captain, only the Bilusaludian volunteers are fusing with the nanometal
Spraying nanometal particles Deploying thermal energy buffer zone
Nanometal particles replenishing density at 35%
Leave it to me! Spray the nanometal particles
Pour liquid nanometal!
Pouring the liquid nanometal
Liquid nanometal, effective filling point, 30% remaining 10%
Nanometal hardened!
Meta material shield is about to collapse
If we repair that part with nanometal, theoretically it will hold out for ten seconds
Fusing with nanometal was only for volunteers!
Why? Why won't your body accept the nanometal?
Galugu, stop the nanometal's encroachment
In Ukraine, American cigarettes are worth more than American dollars
I am delighted to inform you that the University of Missouri Committee on Admissions has accepted you into the class of 2022
I say we bring up the timetable and accelerate his unveiling
I knew it was something metal His spurs
Hurry with the vaccine program!
Well the metaphor still plays
Something like a metal detector?
Metaphorically
Perhaps using the attracting properties of metals
Well, you don't deserve it, but there's Metamucil under the sink
I guess your reps been knocked since I arrested your pandemicking arse
I was his punching bag And not metaphorically
I'm guessing that this isn't metaphorical
He was a metal worker up in Escondido, and he wasn't around a lot
Avoided the metal detectors downstairs
System appears to be in lockdown
Well, we have two victims, both with multiple blunt force traumas, each with abrasions that perfectly match the other's metacarpophalangeal joints
Well, ATF has the ice cream company on lockdown, said nobody's talking
It was an isolated incident with no connection to the lockdown we had last month
Zoom in
Rough edges, mismatched grain patterns, inconsistent metadata
It's a bit damaged but it's a metal cube about eight inches on either side and it has what looks like are solar panels on it
Then the lockdown alarm sounded, and emergency protocol went into place
Powdered resin is brushed onto metal printing plates in a technique called intaglio
Anything else will put them on total lockdown
Zoom in
I only survived because I used Heavy Metal right away
[gasps] Heavy Metal! [groans] [rumbling]
There are very few things that I will defend with true passion, medical marijuana, the biblical Satan as a metaphor for rebellion against tyranny, and motherfucking goddamn cryptocurrency
He was definitely dead, and, uh, there was a piece of metal just stuck right in here
It was metallic gold, had 180,000 miles on it
You're perforating the metal with that And then I would use a screwdriver to pry open a larger hole
Peel back the metal, then use this keyhole saw to get through the drywall, and before you know it, you've got your penny back
This metal knows we are wrong to seek the treasure
Okay I think we're all happy to be past the sheet metal phase
I'm here for Metallica, you know?
Like, Lars from Metallica stopped me yesterday in the artist area
I've been on both sides, but learning a little bit more microzoomed in on people's backgrounds and how they've flipped their past into this amazing art of expression, and really just
[9th Wonder] What's coming out of her mouth is just straight metaphors and punch lines and similes and wordplay and all of this stuff that a lot of the times we don't even expect
My metabolism slowed down I couldn't lose weight
The logo on the suspect's Tshirt is from a red anarchist black metal band
My daughter's school sent home a letter last year about anarchist metal
Did Caroline ever mention red anarchist black metal?
I will track her connections to the metal movement
Well, the anarchist metal group will be thrilled with the chaos this attack has caused
Oror, maybe, maybe, maybe a Cylon Raider, all metal skin, gooey inside, ooh
Not unless you want to watch me make a forge and start smelting metal
The metal skin must be one of the new gallium alloys that can be reshaped on the fly with an electric current
Which changed the atomic bonds in the solid metal and made it melt into a liquid
What if Minatsuki was used as an incubator to refine a vaccine and a treatment that stabilized the Reggies was developed?
Can you zoom in?
Magnus, make it zoom and enhance
Mega Fat CEO Baby wishes to zoom and enhance!
Grab some metal You're building character
[metal clanging] [triplet 2] I'm blind
Baby after baby after baby, shrieking, wailing, passengers trapped inside as the worst noise in the world echoes around this flying metal tube!
Norwegian metal
The whole city's on lockdown
Man, do you know how to handle 80,000 pounds of metal at 80 miles an hour?
It'll stop us from metabolizing the antifreeze
Now I'm standing here, being all nervous zoom in and then bridesmaids, bridesmaids, bridesmaids, and then Rhonda and her father walk down the aisle
Call a Code Pink Tell Security to put the hospital on lockdown
Earl, the hospital's going on lockdown
Get that patient in now Hospital's going on lockdown
He's not in the hospital Big CT event off campus They're not gonna let him in 'cause of the lockdown
Ava hospital's on lockdown
Unfortunately, the hospital is under lockdown currently, due to a security issue
The hospital's on lockdown
Sorry, folks, as soon as the lockdown is lifted, you'll all get to see a doctor So what?
We stented your right coronary artery, and we placed a balloon pump
Congestive heart failure and metastatic stage four nonsmallcell lung cancer
SungHun, zoom in the picture
Last year, he had a severe reaction to the vaccine
I understand, all right It makes sense why you didn't wanna get him vaccinated
Uh, Dr Bekker and I suspect it was the placement of the clamps that caused the problem, but we've already confirmed that the coronary vessels and vagus nerve were not affected
Entering into the corona of the sun
It's a clever idea, you know, metaphorically
I use Life of Brian as the, um one of the metaphors for how flat Earth fragmented when it first came out
They, the powers that should not be, are doing whatever they can with the vaccines, with the GMO foods, with the chemtrails
Let's take the metaphor of argument is war
There are metal pipes inside a steel frame
Zoom in there
They looked like metal pipes
Can you zoom in?
Not only is there no evidence of vaccinations, she has zero trace of the toxins we encounter on a daily basis
'66 Mustang, burnt orange metallic, white racing stripes?
Who knew those corners on those metal gurneys were so sharp?
My friend, Corona, just keeps her webcams on all day in her bedroom and her bathroom She makes thousands of dollars
This one guy paid Corona $10,000 to fart on a cake
That's lockdown Nobody else in or out
No, never mind, order a lockdown and find Birdsworth
Lockdown is now in progress
Uh, yeah It's like a metal detector for heat Oh!
DC's gonna be on lockdown once they find out Gold's been killed
The more you zoom in, the more you'll see
Rook intentionally manipulated the signal to make it seem like what we wanted was in his metal monstrosity
Zoom in on me
A green card would issue Zoom!
To aid in the search, divers are using a highly sensitive metal detector capable of finding an item as small as a hair pin
They got metal detectors, wands
Okay, we are officially in full lockdown
M03, that's a meta attack
Zoom wants you dead!
A new meta was last seen
I mean, we're always gonna be one step behind these metas now
You've been a meta since you were a kid?
I got more than just a list of metas from that museum
Well, Gridlock's off to Iron Heights' meta wing
Well, let's look again with metal detectors this time
Their vaccine inadvertently created metahumans
It turns out that the vaccine's related to Green Light
They have money for metal detectors
All this negative news, on metas,
Lockdown complete!
That's why God made zoom lenses
Lockdown initiated, Mr Ryker
Nick, check the breaker and make sure we're still on lockdown
Well, she didn't come back for lockdown last night and she wasn't around for morning count either
Oh, but I'm so sorry, love, but I was in medical when they called lockdown
15 minutes to lockdown
15 minutes to lockdown
Um, Alden also needs your okay to send another team out for scrap metal
Maybe, because that's something that actually exists, and not some metaphor that you've made up
And you No more of your metaphors
They're not metaphorsWe need to focus on Pierce
And I know that all of these metaphors, they're real for you
Stepping up to face him is the mighty Escanor, but [metallic clang]
and ten is, Slowly explored her body in a healthy way on her own timetable and is now completely emotionally welladjusted?
When you say sex robot, you're speaking metaphorically, right?
banging against the red metal object pinned on the schoolyard pine tree
I'm trying to hasten a coronary
Zoom
She's just metal, Jeanna
Or I'll put your little Boris through the metal press
But in the interest of caution, I propose we institute Operation Lockdown
Bethesda Nuclear is on lockdown
I found a loophole, but it required the reactor be placed on lockdown
[ Heavymetal music playing on car radio ]
We think maybe a meta
Didn't know I was a meta
Not all superpowers are metahumans though
IN my history, Cicada's first victim was a metahuman named Floyd Belkin
You guys stay here and deal with the meta serial killer
With the zoom, zoom, and the defy the physics laws and gravity
We need your help catching a metahuman serial killer
The metahuman called Vibe
He's a meta
He's not a meta
All these years in Central City spent defending metas instead of ending them
Vanilla latte and a Medium Zoom for Raelene
Do you know how many patients I've seen come in this hospital the past four years because of those metas out there?
Oh, I got that razor meta
But if I give it to a cryogenic metahuman, it will permanently suppress their human side
We've been thinking DeVoe used Melting Point's powers, that he changed your meta DNA and removed Killer Frost from you
But secretly, with the help of my friends at STAR Labs, I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
There's been an accident, a meta attack
So does that mean you can't dampen the meta prisoner's powers?
Prisonwide dampeners are down, but we got every inmate into meta cuffs incident free
She's got metatech
Growing up without you, I was so angry but you were my hero, so it was easier to put my anger for you not being around on criminals and metavillains a lot of times on Mom
We live in a world full of metaphones and metaweathervanes
No, it's these metas
Every meta will die
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
So we're dealing with a metahuman Jack the Ripper
How he became a metahuman?
Metahumans
Metas are clickbait right now, right?
So, uh, I recently found a source who thinks that metas are being targeted
But these metas, including speedsters like The Flash and XS, they are all in danger
So she's some sort of early edition meta who creates stories?
Maybe she's some kind of meta psychic who predicts the news
So here's the metawatch,
And if she's meta
Well, I guess she's not meta
I mean, things cannot become metas, right?
Our satellite didn't just create new metas
It created metatech
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Fruitful hours spent getting closer to uncovering the identity of your serial metakiller, Cicada
So, you're off the metas, huh?
We got a stretching clown meta
No, and if there's more, they're buried underneath tons of rubble, just like our meta, unless he was able to stretch out of that one too
Well, I mean, our meta can stretch and contort, right?
Some meta handcuffs for me, a taser for you, and we get to dress up
This is a meta investigation;
You guys still have those metacuffs?
But secretly, with the help of my friends at STAR Labs, I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
It's a Tesla conductor tube that dampens metapowers
AntiMetahuman Adaptive Zootomic Organism
to build a unit capable of identifying metapowers
He scanned our metahuman genes, then used the Mirakuru hybrid to copy them
Every meta will die
So we're dealing with a metahuman Jack the Ripper
After her parents were unfortunately murdered by a metahuman, now
The Speed Force transmitter that Zoom used to steal Barry's speed
Savitar, Zoom, Thawne, Speedsters
The night that Zoom injected the speed force into himself, he left the Speed Force transmitter in the viewing room
Because that was Zoom with Wally
Not all metahumans are responsible for what happened to Grace
Every metahuman must go
You're a metahuman now
All of this, the metal hull, the Crystal Matrix
Do you have an art metaphor?
You may have vaccinated me in the Inland
Did you skip any vaccines or supplements in the past few years?
Here you go The vaccine scar
Am I being vaccinated here?
Is it time for the vaccination?
These boxes are full of fertilizers, seeds, vaccines, medicine
Luis Elizondo's claim that Bigelow Aerospace had modified its buildings for the storage of strange metal alloys of unknown origin, also known as metamaterials
What are these metal alloys?
Luis Elizondo has referred to these as meta materials
Were these metals actually taken from crashed UFOs?
What are the sources for these kinds of metals?
It was for every billionaire space jockey out there, whether it's Elon Musk or Branson or Bezos
Gemini 4 astronaut James McDivitt reports seeing a metallic object flying in orbit alongside his spacecraft
This exposes little metal stubs to the environment
We are hopeful that by showing a picture of the device someone may have or may recognize the instrument, the metal, the locking material used to secure it
Also released, more details about Collar Bomber from the profilers, saying that the person involved is frugal, a pack rat who might save scrap metal, is mechanically inclined, could hide a violent nature
You've never been to Erie County Prison, but there are, like, metal picnic tables that, you know, several inmates sit at at a time
The alieninvasion movie is absolutely a metaphor for the human's darkest side
Yeah Really it's sort of like a metaphor
It's a powerful metaphor, and it's an awful warning
Each day is coronation time,
You'll see a series of metal rings
It's a sat view of your compound in the Ukraine
And some faction of the ASA is almost certainly still hunting metas, which means that you and the girls continue to be in danger
Oh, by the way, I came across some samples of stable metahuman DNA
One is a vaccine subject that is actually stable
The other two show no sign of the vaccine or Green Light
Just imagine an entire family of metas, though
And there are people out there looking for metas
My advice, heavy metal and tear gas
Metahumans
You definitely have the metagene, Issa
But when the metagene is formed artificially, like yours was from Green Light the cells won't restabilize
Their vaccine inadvertently created metahumans
The metal detectors, is that really necessary?
I'd like to include you in a team working to save the children who were the victims of the vaccinations and Green Light experiments
I'd like to include you in a team working to save the children who were the victims of the vaccinations and Green Light experiments
Their vaccine inadvertently created metahumans
Over 10,000 simulations, and in every one, every single one, over half the vaccine kids die
The Green Light kids are getting stronger every day, and we have 28 vaccine victims who are fading
If we just increase the serum dosage 28fold, accounting for the number of vaccine kids, and spin the cells
Fourteen of the vaccine kids will survive Inaction would have killed them all
I told you what you needed to hear Fourteen of the vaccine kids will survive
In spite of our best efforts, we were only able to save 14 of the patients who were infected with the original vaccine and four of the patients who were infected with Green Light
Sounds like a meta
Sounds like I may not be the only vaccine kid who's been out and about
What, is Anaya a meta?
Metas?
Is she a meta?
And Gugelot very quickly found a solution to make it with metal, fully in metal, with wooden parts on the left and right sides
So first they made a metal one, but this didn't work
It's invisible to metal detectors
Depot's on lockdown
Lockdown initiated
Zoom!
Zoom!
Zoom! Pow!
[Cory Booker] Redlining is not a figurative metaphor
When I was little, about 14 or 15, the snack bar in the middle, it had oldfashioned metal shutters
When I was in the vent, I couldn't move any further, and that thing's metal, you know, and II was cooking
We're on lockdown
Please follow standard lockdown protocol
Even those who did not volunteer were forced to undergo the nanometal procedure, which is inexcusable!
Thanks to the nanometal What a frightening technology
The same metal that's eroding her body is acting like a lifesupport machine
Are the functions of the nanometal itself frozen?
Sokolov and I both touched the nanometal at the same time
It seems like there were people who failed to escape and didn't suffer erosion from the nanometal
Perhaps Houtua's medical techniques include an antinanometalerosion antibody of sorts
The thing that protected us from the nanometal
I was able to recover samples of nanometal that are still active from Yuko's body
She was speaking metaphorically
Even metaphorically, it's lame
You know, Reach for the stars, as I said to my good friend Elon Musk
Zoom in
To disperse their intense metabolic heat, the OTF need to fly in the sky
OTF eat rare metals for meals
RRare metals?
Often referred to as metamaterials
Metamaterials are materials that have been combined in such a way that the isotopic ratios of the materials are not found on Planet Earth
What metamaterials will do is they will alter electromagnetic frequencies, or the visual spectrum
The US Air Force announces that SpaceX, an aerospace company run by billionaire CEO Elon Musk, is now eligible to participate in the launch of military satellites
It wasn't a jerk, but a hunk of metal
If you don't listen, I'll sell you for scrap metal
What did you mean by a hunk of metal?
I'm not made of metal, CNT
I'm gonna grab some more scrap metal to fortify the clini s
A, uh, red metal disk
So, then the metal tapers down from the handle to this end here
We need dust masks and BandAids and gloves and a timetable on when we'll be switching jobs
Something stupid, I'll bet! Zoom!
IT'S A METAPHYSICAL RIDDLE ABOUT UNPERCEIVED EXISTENCE
MY BEST GUESS IS METAL, MAYBE THE BUTT OR BARREL OF A GUN
DOUBLE, TRIPLE, QUADRUPLE CHECKED THE META DATA,
No metastatic lesions, but local nodes are involved
Yeah, we can go round and round on a metaphysical debate all day long, but we don't have that luxury
Two dozen known alien worlds, and Nth metal is just the strongest material brought to Earth from any one of them, by far
What if you retrofitted the factory to process Nth metal?
You're stronger than Nth metal
Steel made with Nth metal is the future
We met during BUD/S training in Coronado
That big piece of metal carriage sure clatters loudly I know
They're using these metal detectors and of course the ground is just inundated with all this stuff so at night, how are you really going to tell the difference?
The others work in groups of three, armed only with metal detectors, engineer's tape, explosives and digging tools
I thought for sure that you were gonna use a basketball metaphor
Hey, Larry used his drill to remove a metal panel on top of the subway
A throne? Containing pieces of metal found in a meteorite?
metallic transportation device?
Get the elevators and first floor in lockdown
Okay, I'm putting a lockdown on the cloud so no one can access the system through a computer
The building's in lockdown
We're on lockdown
I'd ask how you bypassed a lockdown but
Their fear is metastasizing
I mean, in my head, I'm still hardcore, but my body's full of metal, so no more
Okay, Neeku, we have to tighten all three lockdowns at once
Spleen filters blood, helps your body fight infections, so you'll need a regular schedule of vaccines, but other than that, you won't even know it's missing
The next step is to stage the cancer, check for metastasis, make sure Jack's lymph nodes are clear
The AJ Austin who did an ascending aortic reconstruction with a coronary artery reimplantation in two hours, skin to skin
He ate all the rare metal, too
Futomomo also ate all the rare metals
We should look for rare metals together
If there were rare metals here, it would cause a territory dispute
That's not to say, you won't find rare metals!
I wonder if it's some sort of special metal
You're full of metallic energy
Are you a hunk of metal?
I'm a cyborg with a metal rod in my leg
Metal alloy plated with 22karat gold
I appear to be on general lockdown
Well, they at least have a guy with metal teeth and a razorsharp hat?
That's so metal
They'll spend double, triple, thousands more for a mindless, metal cyborg
You're about to unbreak my metal heart (CHUCKLES)
Zooming in
Tastes like metal
Yeah, and I got high school Spanish on lockdown
Carisi, go back, and zoom in a little
It's all about metadata
Every digital photo contains metadata
It was a common technique in the Ukraine until the 1991 ban
Uh, he told them that he'd been a doctor in the Ukraine
Found three immigrants who were licensed doctors in the Ukraine, did polyacrylamide breast augmentation
Oleg Tsarko ran the employment agency front in the Ukraine that trafficked Hailey, Brooke, and the others
So Oleg hooks up with Roscha, sets up the exports in the Ukraine
A serial number, maker's name, model, caliber or gauge, color of metal length of barrel
And fine metallic dust
Looks to me like something metallic was jammed right in here
Clearly it was jammed into something metallic
I detected the guard's metaltipped boots, so I electrified the floor grid because I am very smart
I'll begin with your metatarsal bones
This metalhead is lucky you brought her to me
just the areas where the metal filings are clinging to it
The lockdown was triggered in the basement lab, which caused an immediate quarantine for all the belowground floors
No, it only appears when the FBI's under class A lockdown, freezing out all access both digitally and physically
The lockdown is completely lifted
Heavy metal
Go! Zoom in to his face That's a smile of satisfaction
In fact, she's got this place on lockdown You know what?
It's a metaphor
Now, give it an hour to cool down before you put the flu vaccines and the antibiotics into it
As with most ancient texts, it's heavy on metaphor
So on the '64 TBird, now we're gonna start on the hard part, which is the fabrication of all the sheet metal
We sheetmetaled in the entire back seat
One of the trickier parts of this build, being a CCab, is that it's actually fabricated out of wood and not metal
Then we'll grind down the finish for a raw metal postapocalyptic street machine that's ready to kick ass and rule the world
Shawn shows up with the sheet metal
To me, this bike screams steampunk, which is a crazycool combination of Industrial Age mechanical metal meets modern machinery
And we'll use a handpounded metal seat, replace all the soft lines with copper tubing, and it'll look like a steampunk bike
And I already have the metal to hammer the seat out in it, and some copper tubing
And finally grind the outside of the Bus down to bare metal
Once we've done that, we will have turned this Volkswagen Bus into a oneofakind badass heavy metal machine
Because we're grinding the Bus down to a baremetal finish, these polished aluminum wheels will create a perfect contrast between the postapocalyptic look of the Bus and a more sleek hot rod of style
Steampunk is all about copper and metal
Well, yeah, I don't want him to have a coronary over this thing
It's a '54 International Everything's there, all the sheet metal is there
Crazy how they designed it like Yeah See the metal?
Each one of these covers for this custom rolltop dash has 24 metal parts
Firewood and scrap metal?
We have sheet metal to fix and repair, and all that before we even attempt to build an interior that doesn't exist yet
I got every orange, aguacate, lemon, and pomegranate tree around here on lockdown
Shanghai doesn't fit our timetable
I took my business away from his father's steel shop and gave it to an Nth metal producer
Well, it can be a forerunner for simultaneous or subsequent metastases
What a beautiful metaphor
So, you were wrong about the ring being a metaphor
Metastasized cancer, she's got two little girls
A sweet pungent odour, typically associated with metabolic disorders
Zoom in
Slip a little Metamucil into his apple juice, he'll be fine
[metallic clanging] [crackles] [man] Unstable corereactor charge! Take cover!
Lists of timetables Endless schedules
It's a metaphor for moving a donkey
I have reviewed her scans and she can't be cured, but this metastatic lesion extending through her diaphragm is causing most of her pain
I spied a glint of gunmetal on the adjacent rooftop
But metaphorically, metaphorically, my door will always be open to you, MacGyver, when you need my help
A metal spoken of since ancient times, in which the gods of the moon dwell
Our goal is to manage the Chrysali to counter potential threats, and develop a drug that could stave off a Busoma pandemic
Vaccinations don't last forever
It was high in heavy metal content!
Of course, but you have to agree that her coronation dress can't just be a Velvet design
Farah is not just any client Her coronation is a business opportunity
The coronation is set
Everyone expects a cape at a coronation
A wedding isn't a royal coronation and so you don't worry, we've dressed over 300 brides
It symbolizes a damaged soul It's kind of a metaphor?
It's kind of a metaphor?
It symbolizes a damaged soul It's kind of a metaphor?
When electrons move, through a metal wire or something similar, that's called an electric current
It's made out of a metal, iron, which is a conductive metal
Metals like copper, silver, and aluminum are conductors
The fourinch metal plate that appears to be fused to the proximal side of his right, fifth rib
I mean, it makes sense, having all that metal clanking around on your head, it's bound to bang you up
I need a lockdown for a 1mile radius
A man can learn anything I learnt to melt metal
I understand you're angry with me because I was born with these perfect girlnextdoor looks, a dynamite metabolism, and I'm aging like Tom Cruise
When Adam comes to Ukraine to see me, he's gentleman, handsome, kind
Piece of sheet metal fell on Mitch
There's a big metal box in here that was not here before
The metal box is a casing for a nuclear bomb
A piece of metal Maybe one of the shelves
Uh, it's like a it's like a big metal plate
If it got into the population, we'd be looking at a pandemic
Zoom in on the upper left
Before the lockdown, a Navy transport plane took off
You're worried about crow's feet in lockdown?
To break a brick or to bend a piece of metal—
(metal clanging) You're black
All right, during our examination, we found a metal rod in the victim's leg from a previous surgery
And it is a lacquerbased red with a metallic base coat
‫? For scrap metal
When I zoomed it in today
During the primary examination, metal fragments were extracted from the victim's occiput
A life that was hard, without metaphor or wine, a life with the light of eternity
Then he had the idea, aided by Emili Puignau, for this metal framework, which at first was manual, and later worked with a push button to move up and down, so that Dalí always had the part of the canvas
My prisons were the condition of my metamorphosis
He has metallosis
Here's the culprit, his metalonmetal hip replacement
When the metal ball and metal cup slide against each other, tiny particles can flake off and enter the bloodstream, sending cobalt and chromium to every major organ
Well, the good news is when leaking metal hips are replaced, most patients make a full recovery
The metal particles have caused the soft tissue around the joint to harden
My hip isn't metalonmetal
Yeah, but I just looked up how many people have metalonmetal hips
I just assisted on a case with a man whose metalonmetal hip implant poisoned him
And an adequate rim of atrial tissue next to the coronary sinus
We found a piece of metal in the key hole!
You leave a small gap between the rock and a hard metal surface below
Even an amateur can snap it in two because it's like you're slamming it against a metal anvil
Complete and incomplete fractures of the carpals and metacarpals
Incomplete fractures of the metacarpals and middle phalanx
Let me zoom in
Part of the reason we weren't getting sparks and also part of the reason we weren't getting grip was that the concrete was smoothing out the metal and kind of vice versa, almost like an abrasive disc
Metal shards like all over the place
It boosts the metabolism
It's got too many metal pieces in it
But they're only letting me take blood samples for vaccine development
To create a vaccine, antibodies are first made using chicken eggs
I believe this pandemic was deliberately created to expand the contaminated area
We should be able to mass produce the vaccine
All the refugees will get vaccinated, but we can't house them all
We gave you the vaccine You'll be fine
All the refugees are currently being vaccinated
When we make a vaccine just like we use the virus, we do the same for crop protection
♫ I'm a shining metal sky, faces where ♫
Zooming in
It's the exact same feeling But there was no metal involved
And hightemperature metal
[metal detector whining] This is hopeless
Like a metal straw
I never get into sports metaphors
Spent my life in the mill, turning fire into metal and beating down any goon squads who tried to break our union
And this this metallic probelooking thing is is jammed, like, slid into my vagina
Something metal
Massive coronary
Bomb makers like to hide their workshops in places where the sound of metal work and the smell of chemicals won't seem out of place
Judging by the metal detector and the fact that the whole floor is crawling with security,
(METAL DETECTOR BEEPS, WHIRS)
(METAL DETECTOR BEEPS) It's okay
Yeah, I'm seeing, uh, scrap metal, bolts, nails
Grandma you want to play Pandemic?
You are watching The Lockdown with Ben Lockwood
Two dozen known alien worlds, and Nth metal is just the strongest material brought to Earth from any one of them, by far
Now you lot just dress up in wicked metal masks
I Xray'd them, and they've got guns, and the woman has a metal mask in her purse
Nith metal
Nth metal
That's Nth metal, Supergirl!
We use a small tool called a laparoscope, kind of like a metal straw
He's never been vaccinated
And we reduce his exposure to infectious disease by putting him in a public school where he's surrounded by vaccinated kids
By surrounding him with vaccinated kids, you're tacitly admitting that vaccines work
One of my best friends refused to vaccinate her 1yearold boy
She was rejected so often that she was finally considering vaccinations
And then some idiot decided to do no harm, that it was better that Carol's kid had a doctor than a vaccine
She had a oneyearold boy she didn't want to vaccinate
We want to vaccinate Finn
I want to assure you this has nothing to do with any side effects due to Finn's vaccination
His first round of vaccinations
You vaccinated my son?
It's about the vaccination
Can you zoom in on that?
Ah! There's my beauty You ready for a little metal polish?
He calls himself ♪ Deth Metal ♪ [both grunting]
Very impressive So tell me, Deth Metal, where have you been?
Deth Metal
[Deth Metal shrieking]
Who is this metal madman?
Deth Metal is here to stay!
[Deth Metal laughing] No We need to get out of here
[Carmen] Deth Metal is Otto Tune
I designed another power generator that runs on crystals and precious metals
Uh, your nametag says trainee
Taking out my weapon depots, sabotaging my satellite network, and now attempting to destroy my precious metal mine
To create metaspies to safeguard our world
The serum will now begin to run its course, transforming me into a living, breathing, metahuman god!
that timetable's out of date
I can almost forget that I'm dangling 12,000 feet above the ground in a tiny metal tube
Perhaps it will be at your coronation
We need every meta data point on every Bryan Archer in New York City
What an interesting metaphor
Zoom in a bit on the sticker
You're right My metaphor sucked
Elon Musk, the billionaire founder of SpaceX and Tesla, is set to launch the biggest rocket in the world today
Please join me in welcoming Elon Musk Thank you
Von Braun, just like Elon Musk, was intensely aware that humans, in order to survive, have to become a spacefaring species
I think that this is definitely, the future of SpaceX is really great I mean, this is When Elon Musk decided,
Elon Musk has said the key to get to Mars is the reusability of rockets LZ, LD Go for launch
Elon Musk calls this rocket Falcon Heavy, the biggest rocket to take off from here since the Apollo moon missions
They have vaccines for that now, but sounds like Franklin
Um, every single Lucious Lyon song ever written and recorded is now on lockdown
Can you zoom in?
Zoom in on the stadium
[Janów] Zoom in
Whether they are younger or older the way each and every one of them gets those metal springlike perms on their heads, I don't like that style
The aliens must be a metaphor for us
Nietzsche said that there are three metamorphoses in the growth of human spirit
In the first metamorphosis, he described a camel, a carrier that was walking in the desert carrying someone else's great weights
He's Program and Control Man, the whole thing's a metaphor, he thinks he's got free will but really he's trapped in a maze, in a system, all he can do is consume,
TVseries, NewPS, Gourmetagency, Foodie
You've always liked Coronado
Inga Petrov, 36, and a former FSB specialist, emigrated from the Ukraine in 2007, and according to Interpol, has been using her skills to pull off various scams and cons ever since
Do we have a metal detector?
It's open to the movie timetable Let's start with him
Because if he sets it off now, he'll trigger a statewide lockdown
Metastatic breast cancer
You're saying that I have metastatic breast cancer?
There's absolutely no metal allowed in here
Metaphorically or otherwise
Override lockdown on the north gate I repeat:
Weren't they on lockdown?
That is such a mixed metaphor
I believe in mixed metaphors
Zoom in Stop
Zoom in
I don't want you or your weird DNA metal glove thing near my stuff
Say goodnight, metal head
[GRIPPER GRUNTS] Ready when you are, metalheads!
I I don't know The 'metalhead' thing usually works
Something bad Yeah, there's gotta be bad news behind those chunks of metal, but I can't see what
Finally, a good use for those metalheads
Zoom in on that back window
Well, when we talk about demons, we're usually speaking metaphorically
[Jacob] Yeah I landed on something metal
It's a small glass vial with metal on one end
[metal detector beeping] [panting] Infinity guards We've got to go
I[metal clicking]
[metal clanging]
Hey, momentary lockdown
[ Metal crunching ]
Can you zoom in?
Nazibeating, doomsdaycheating, beard haireating, romancehating, punk to skunk, robot chunk, flashback dancing with a hunk, gatorbaiting, half chubdating, sliming through a metal grating, death cult all around, Jane survived the Underground,
For metahuman powers
And one day my friend gets picked up for selling ecigarettes imported from Ukraine
Or turn them into metahumans against their will
You sound like a nonmeta, thanks to Ray Palmer
Thanks to her metahuman ability to control radio waves
Then she gets transferred to the metahuman unit at Iron Heights
But the victim was killed by a radio wave attack, which is Allegra's metaability
This morning, I get a ping that you'd escaped from your metacuffs, and we find you in the location of the dead State's witness
If there's a group out there exploiting metas, then they're gonna need our protection
The justice system doesn't always work for metas which is why I want to become a defense attorney for metahumans
Or turn them into metahumans
I want to become a defense attorney for metahumans
And it's not coming in 2024
Joe thinks there's a metakiller that might be involved, so if anybody asks, you're my metahuman consultant
We're investigating a series of metarelated murders, and Caitlin and Frost are my metahuman consultants
I think the meta that attacked you is the person we're looking for
And you never told me that you were a meta
Hey, guys, CCPD got back a DNA match on our meta
We're supposed to cuff metas, not throw them out windows
What there are are metahumans, aliens, and false gods worshiped by simpleminded people that find comfort in myths
There's always gonna be a crisis, or some metahuman that's threatening to take away the life that you love
Next time we have to lock up an undead meta, he's all yours
Guess those metacuffs would've been a waste of time
You think this is metarelated?
I mean metathieves usually make a way bigger mess
There are localized metadampeners all over this building, all right?
He decided to take the metahuman cure
I want to become a defense attorney for metahumans
You, according to my gauntlet are a metahuman with UV capabilities
it is a metaempath problem
Let's have you zap this with your meta UV lights, so I can find out what rocks to avoid when I excavate
You're a meta It's who you are
Meta target acquired
It's metadampened
And to think, Mr Dibny, that it was the Flash that set off my metaactivity monitor that then triggered the security protocols that got you caught
And now I feel like I don't exactly know who I am anymore, and if I fail at this metaattorney thing,
Look, the point is, this is the same guy that kidnapped your cousin Esperanza and turned her into a metaassassin against her will
CBC, metabolic rate, all normal for a speedster, just a small spike in cortisol
Can't we put the place onon lockdown or something?
Why isn't this building already on lockdown? Why?
Lockdown?
Lockdown is implemented
You have a fragment of metal in your body
That pool needs to be dug before the ground freezes, because you know that thaw won't happen until March, and that puts our Memorial Day timetable in jeopardy
All the computer cables and stuff are on these metal tracks up there
Let's zoom into him My dad
Even when I spoke in the metaphors of the language of Palermo and Sicily
Why can't I be the one caught in a lockdown with a maniac?
Is that a sports metaphor?
It was metastasized and shit
Put the structure on lockdown!
The succs would have metabolised by now
So, succinylcholine, which, as you know, metabolises into succinic acid
Zoom!
I've created a vaccine and I'm entrusting it to you
Zoom in on this woman
There Zoom in
Okay, stop right there and try to zoom in on the plate
Actually, Connor is singlehandedly taking on United Metals
This is a Mies van der Rohe 258 daybed, designed in 1930, with a chromed metal frame that lifts the tufted leather mattress
And I don't mean that metaphorically, I just
Why don't we just continue the metaphor?
What are they zooming in on it for?
But unlike its looks, it has a pretty thick tone, so it's usually used for rock or heavy metal music
Get your vaccines
The lame is made of metal and it reacts if the weapon touches it
With some muscle and a metalplated Benz
The shootout in Metairie took the lives of six decorated officers, including the head of the antigang strike team,
Perhaps using the attracting properties of metals
Just don't look inside my black, metal trunk
Anonymously In a metal ballot
♪ Is zoomazoomzoomzoom ♪
♪ Is zoomazoomzoomzoom and a poompoom ♪ Dad!
♪ All I want to do is zoomzoomzoom ♪
Montana, what's with this metal shit?
That's metal
No, dude, metaphorically
Are you speaking metaphorically, like the task we're embarking on is a metaphorical jar you're gonna open by accomplishing the task?
Yes, ma'am, and the Bureau's own metadata and friends at code analysis confirm Iranian origin
And if I zoom in, you can clearly see the digital manipulation on President McCord's face
And is suddenly metastasizing
And he performed an invaluable service to the United States by providing critical intelligence that helped prevent a Russian invasion of Ukraine Yes
That's Mike's metaphor
But horses could also bring terror at the hands of brutal raiders, and even pandemic disease
They can be made of leather or metal, and they go in the horse's mouth just here
You can't put metal in the microwave You know that, Mom
It's meta
It's very meta
Metastatic adenocarcinoma
They can also climb metal structures
Drones incoming! Lockdown!
ERASING METADATA
Did you know that every time you take a photo, your location is stored in the image file's metadata
And Elon Musk, don't get me started with him
Here Place this poorly balanced, wobbly metal rod on top
And now that we've gone all meta with a narrator befriending the subject of his narration, we should end this thing with a ridiculous friendship montage with cute callbacks and cheesy music, blah blah blah
She said two lights they just zoomed
We are here to vaccinate your bull
Push the pedal to the metal
A zoomzoom in a boomboom
His left coronary artery was completely blocked
Wait Zoom out
No one says zoom out except me
AVA, zoom out
How long did this metamorphosis take?
Can you zoom in on the necklace?
I can still help Vaccinating people, for example
We only vaccinate future candidates
So, now what we'll do is we'll zoom up on the figure
It means the metamorphosis begun, or something
Have been used to locate metals and water
We're just going to check this with a metal detector
Go ahead and grab your metal detector
While Heather's using the metal detector,
Heather's using a metal detector to look for scrap metal
Found a piece of metal
It's a piece of metal
The fact that we found a piece of metal
Let me zoom in
This device uses magnetic resonance to attract the heavy metals in their ink
A stolen Luthor weapon and a conspiracy of metaassassins
And that's not a metaphor
I can now see 20/20 out of the corner of each metaphorical eye
The circus part is a, you know, metaphor
You mean our front metal cabinet?
Coalburning power plants, in fact, emit huge amounts of sulfur dioxide and other hard metals, like lead, into the atmosphere
One day, an explosive went off accidentally, and a metal rod three feet long hurled right into his face, coming out of his skull, landing 80 feet into the distance
I'm afraid my metabolism tends a little slower
Some of us don't want coronary heart attacks
[metal clanking] [gasps]
In case your use of dancing wasn't a metaphor
Only if that's a metaphor
Are you Doctor Corona?
Yeah, but they don't even make metal car keys anymore
Well it's a it's a metaphor
I need this hospital put on immediate lockdown!
I was more interested in the weird things, like the metaphysical
Try to hit the metal
Today's his coronation
Can you zoom in?
I invite you to celebrate my coronation as king
Okay, can you zoom in on that light?
There's a light up there Can you zoom in on it?
Space metal?
I just need to say this real quick before I have a massive coronary
Copper is one thing that I think about They were certainly huge metal traders,
And the middle east was always short of metal
Used to haul everything from coal to gems and metals
We're looking for a fleck of copper to zoom in on
As lori zooms in on the copper sample,
Yo, yo, check out this TikTok
Jason, where's the vaccines?
He's a mining geologist who specializes in rareearth metals
A mining company wants to acquire a deep vein of rareearth metal located in disputed territory
If this serrator can slice so easily through metal, imagine what it can do to your bodies
Their coronation?
Lockdown protocol initiated
Wait I thought that was Jim Lake's metal suit
Varvatos Vex will tear your metal skin off and feed it to his soolian!
Apply pedal to the metal!
We agreed to renegotiate the guidelines once again after 2021
Wood, fire, earth, metal, water Ten heavenly stems!
Good metaphor
That's a great metaphor
Correct, it's MRS that have the files on lockdown
Did something happen to Elon Musk in your own reality?
Metal buried some of 'em
Metal, you got our six
When sansom zooms in on the man, he notices that his foot gets stuck inside the plastic covering and suspects this could hold the answer
Russia imports a massive amount of chicken from the uS, but after american restrictions following russia's invasion of the ukraine in 2014, things have been tense Narrator:
And, of course, metal heads
I'm sure death metal is created from an overdrive of rock elements to the limits
My body wasn't made to sing death metal
Why death metal?
When my friend grunted while griping, it sounded like death metal
Wait, wait, pause it Zoom in on that napkin
Hey, Brian, you don't have a metal detector on you, do you?
I'm in the midst of a fullon, lockdown sodium headache
I meta guy in a bar, and one thing led to another, and the next thing you know, I'm in his room at the resort with my legs in the air and his cock inside rne
Do you think vaccination damage is being covered up?
He lost so many points with that tempura metaphor Yeah, that was bad
It was a useful metaphor in that respect
Wheels broke off, and the metal axle did that
Nice metaphor, thoughThank you, Abigail
The camera can zoom in at any time
Is it a metaphor because the crab turns red as it boils?
Torichan's metaphor makes sense, too
Put Freeland on lockdown
It is my sad duty to announce that the five young service members who were wounded when the Markovians attacked the metahuman processing center have passed away
I mean what I say, meta
Now, if you don't help them, the ASA will see that they can't get their metahuman weapons here
We have intel that your officer is a Green Light user and a possible metahuman
Human body wasn't designed to do what a meta can do
Meanwhile, a resistance has begun to arise and their symbol is a metahuman the people call Blackbird
And can be applied as required for human and metahuman alike
Ray, you got Trent, Brock, Full Metal
Meyers and his crew will finish the lockdown
a full metal jacket bullet!
Want to learn how to manipulate metal?
I've checked your Spiritual Type, it's part metal, like mine
Start with feeling the metal's presence
Liar, isn't he a Spatial  Metal Type as well?
Street and Chris into the timetable, so hit the lights
I was vaccinated as a kid
It's likely wiped out your vaccine antibodies and left your immune system too weak to protect itself
Metastatic adenocarcinoma
I've gone over your cath, and I'd like to schedule you for coronary artery bypass surgery
[METAL CLANKING IN DISTANCE]
And when you have a comet that is a few miles in diameter, on the inside of that cometary crust, there is all of this magnificent ice that has been frozen, and then reworked with material going in and out
Some of the microbes found in cometary debris contain chemical structures very similar to prions
So they can't um, they can't metabolize, or they have to rely on a host cell to do that and to make copies of themselves as well
Every metahuman in Freeland is in danger
Put Freeland on lockdown
Obtain all meta subjects
Turn the metas into weapons
Your officer is a Green Light user and a possible metahuman
You know, you could've told me you were a meta
There is a problem at the meta camp
This disease is only affecting the metas, and it appears to be fatal, so it takes precedence over the pod kids
The only reason you're here is because you can't afford to lose more metas
This disease is so virulent that if we do not find a cure soon, every meta in Freeland could die, including your daughters
Authorities are chasing Blackbird in response to reports that she freed several suspected metas from the ASA
The Markovians are planning on killing or capturing all of the metas in Freeland
Well, they've been registering and testing regular folks for the meta gene for the past month
I have identified the DNA of the virus making the metas in the camp sick
I believe the delivery system was Cyclotronic, the meta who attacked the camp a few days ago
He must've infected the other metas during the battle
So you're saying Dr Jace purposely sent an infected meta to contaminate the camp?
But over half of the metas in the camp are infected
The Markovians want to capture or kill as many metas as possible, so they can be the greatest superpower in the world
I'm Jamillah Olsen, and I'm here at the perimeter where ASA commandos have Blackbird cornered in response to reports that she freed several suspected metas from the ASA
The Markovians want to capture or kill as many metas as possible
As the foremost medical expert on metahumans, people are counting on me, and I'm failing
All I know is, the chemical structure of the meta virus is similar to a chemical compound found in both
Green Light and the meta vaccine
So I am working around the clock because if I can't contain this outbreak, every single meta, including my entire family, could die
And don't worry, Odell has us registered as nonmetas
We put people with the meta gene in camps to keep them alive
Only those who test negative for the meta gene can move freely about the city
Well, hopefully, this will slow the virus down, giving us enough time to come up with a vaccine
I have to get back I'm synthesizing a vaccine
What about the Russian occupation of Ukraine?
There's been a report of metahuman powers being displayed
There's no way in hell Tavon's a meta
We've been sneaking metas and suspected metas outside the perimeter
The ASA snatched Tavon, accused him of being a meta
But I'm not even a meta
(gagging) (rustling, metal clanking) Okay, here are the pig organs
(Zooming)
[sighs] [metal clanking]
I suggest we remove nametags and ranks
Rex can track any drug under the sun, even through metal
He had a surgery They implanted a metal rod in his leg
It's all about metamorphosis
It's this reflective, metallic, the feeling thing, almost like a mirage
So, it's pedal to the metal, or not?
The marlin must have had metal in his body
Initializing section lockdown [Dru] Come on
Initializing section lockdown
Well, put the building in lockdown No one comes or goes
Literally The metaphor alone is
Can you move in closer or zoom in?
Zooming
Coronaries need to be properly reperfused before you restart his heart
Home printers, they embed hidden metadata into documents now, and I traced the First Order's calling card to an HP printer registered to our pal, Bruce Gulley
I'm just saying, who you gonna turn to in a bind once Ray's gone, Full Metal?
Lockdown
Knowing her, she probably had it all on lockdown, kept the little ones safe, too
They're after the metal card
He took that metal card from my house
Oh, so you mean it as metaphor?
No, I think a lot of what we consider metaphor is real
You have to keep him away from metal, knives, and guns
Zoom in slowly That's it
2021 December 21
The sound of the ratings soaring? Zoom
Left leg, zoom!
Perhaps you missed its relevance because you did not use the zoom
The most essential one is that last month I was told that I had metastatic cancer and that it's a matter of months, maybe a year, if I'm lucky
Numbers, then he went to minerals and metals at 10
I soon realized that among its 500 residents, there were some 80 patients, dispersed in various wards, who were survivors of the extraordinary encephalitis lethargica, or sleepysickness pandemic, which had swept the world in the early 1920s
Full Metal, make some coffee on the way out
Sonny, Brock, Metal, pull the cars around here
It's a metaphor
There's oxidized metal particles in the water
Could you check my house for metal corrosion?
So, Leland is a psychopath who uses the metaphor of demonology to give his pursuits meaning?
Some kind of metal I've never seen before
It's this piece of metal I found in the plane engine
[Mendieta] We installed Kevlar in the entire vehicle, as well as metal plating on the doors and the trunk
And Ronald Perchik was a federal judge who suffered a deadly stroke two days after receiving a shingles vaccine
Doctors said it was a miracle the tumour didn't metastasize
Sonny, Brock, Metal, pull the cars around here
All right, Metal, this is 1
Full Metal, what do you got?
It alloys with most metals
I mean, someone wrapped him up in this plastic and then wedged him above these metal crossbeams
Going through the metal detectors, searched like you were criminals
Can you zoom in?
Lockdown corner
He triggered the lockdown procedure
It's fine, Chim, forget the nametag
You're mixing your metaphors!
If we're running with that metaphor, then Ruka has yet to even touch a ball
The gray ones are owned by ZoomXL, and they should be GPS tracked
ZoomXL says the scooter Crebins saw was rented by one
Zoom in right there
Zoom in on our sharpdressed man
Bertie, 83, in for a scheduled, eh, percutaneous coronary intervention
You'll be awake while I place a small coronary stent to help open up some of the blockages and keep that heart of yours nice and strong
The DXE Labs campus remains in lockdown while authorities search for a motive in his crime
Emergency lockdown Fire doors closing Evacuate now
I'm glad you caught up to us before we get into Coronado tomorrow
Worth more in scrap metal
You zoom in on the plate?
I get out of the car, one blindsides me with a metal pipe
Zoom in, Ian, get me a plate number
Significant coronary artery disease
And coronary artery disease is a possible contraindication
Hey, can you can you zoom in to his hand?
A heart attack is a result of a coronary artery blockage
[ Metal clanks ] Oh!
Zoom in
Once, at Elon Musk's birthday party,
I was seated between Silvio Berlusconi and Elon Musk This is bad
Wars, murders, women in $400 yoga pants are refusing to vaccinate their children
This occupation won't end until I stabilize the metagene itself
Whatever is in you is suppressing your metagene
Well, you get the metaphor
You're on lockdown with no access to the outside world
I want a list of every meta in this place, complete with their particular set of powers
I thought you should know that the metas at the detainment facility are showing no sign of illness
Which means Dr Stewart has either discovered a way to stabilize the metas, or she's only days away
And once she does, we will acquire that information and use it to stabilize our own army of metas
Use the sports metaphors to get into my head
Vaccine that has shown promising results in combatting the disease
Vaccines fetch a high price on the black market
Outreach will urge residents to get vaccines and treatment
Metal, guide the outreach workers and Dr Lizer here through the village
This big fella right here is gonna go with you Metal!
And the rest of this stuff, the vaccines? Still useable?
Throughout the trip, it was in charge of monitoring my genetic makeup as well as my basic metabolism
The United States metahuman advisory department is recommending all civilians head to safety zones
Hey, metal head!
Zoom in on the plate number
In 1989, Jeonggeon Metal was established
I'd help, but Andre has me on lockdown until this abortion mess is resolved
He had great skills, was a metallurgist, and taught this to the local people
There seems to be a very important connection between the cosmic knowledge of metallurgy, which was brought to Earth by the gods, and some kind of energy present at Mount Musinè
If extraterrestrials' knowledge of metallurgy and alchemy was used to create a technologically advanced ancient city around Mount Musinè, where did it go?
Ancient visitors sharing the secrets of metallurgy?
It was described as being grayish in color, and metallic
Yes The perfect metaphor
Is using the glucose to metabolize the oxygen
However, you don't have any remote or metastatic disease and responded well to chemoradiation, so a resection of the esophagus should render you cancerfree
There's been a report of metahuman powers being displayed
But I'm not even a meta
But if it wasn't for Blackbird saving me when somebody at school lied about me being a meta,
I don't know where I am, but here, humans and metas live and work together
I think the only way to save Freeland is if humans and metas work together side by side to stop the ASA
Are we dancing or are we sparring, you meta freak?
I cured the metavirus, but this occupation won't end until I stabilize the metagene itself
From which she was successful in developing a vaccine
This particular protein was a byproduct of a serum that was the predecessor to the metagenic vaccine in Green Light
Once it's metabolized in a human host, it strengthens the mitochondrial membrane potential of meta cells significantly
Tavon was identified as a meta
Our son was no meta
Tavon tested negative for the metagene
The ASA knew our son wasn't a meta
It's the metas who brought this misery to Freeland in the first place
All right, so the vaccine will make you immune to the virus that has been hitting metas
And neither of us know how your shapeshifting cells will respond to this vaccine
Hey, I am metafabulous
I'll deliver the rest of the vaccine to the Perdi tonight
The virus targets metas, specifically
There is enough vaccine to inoculate every meta here
Your parents have proof that you're not a meta
Well, I'm not the one smuggling the metas outside of Freeland
When your body processes the MB4 serum, it creates a byproduct protein I believe I could use to stabilize the metas of Freeland
I trust you've finally solved the riddle of meta stabilization?
Zoom in on the top right corner
You know how we always used to make fun of those hacker movies when the camera zooms in and it's all complete gibberish?
(metal clanks) (phone thuds)
When I get home, I'll be just in time to watch the construction workers peel back the metal slabs they placed on the street, revealing the wounds they tore into the ground
I mean, maybe a maybe a timetable, but actually go doesn't work
I think you're mixing your metaphors
20 minutes into a hospitalwide lockdown where Dr Martin Whitly is about to perform emergency surgery on our network's very own cameraman
There was a lockdown at the hospital
The lockdown, the stabbing
In a few moments, a special session of the Parliament on occasion of the newly elected President's taking his oath of allegiance to the people of Ukraine is about to commence
I, Dmitry Surikov, by the will of the nation elected President of Ukraine, hereby solemnly swear to protect the sovereignty and independence of Ukraine
I swear to abide by the Constitution and laws of Ukraine
UKRAINE, KYIV 2049 KYIV MEDICAL UNIVERSITY
Who was the president of Ukraine in 2019?
Let's look at how Vasily Goloborodko ended up in jail and Dmitry Surikov became the president of Ukraine
I demand your support to this motion which will manifest your commitment to corruption eradication in Ukraine
They'll hit our metallurgy, freeze contracts
Ukraine has made another step towards its energy independence
From now on, Ukraine will acquire coal from South Africa from which it will be reloaded in Amsterdam to its final destinations at local power plants
The president has pointed out that energy independence is a key prerequisite for the national security of Ukraine
But it was not heading onto Ukraine as Russian journalists like to say
Neither was it heading into Ukraine as local political experts like to say
The train was outbound from Ukraine
Glory to Ukraine, I'm with you, the victory is ours
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Who do you think became the next president of Ukraine under the circumstances?
The bill carries a portrait of Ukraine's expresident
I along with my 150 hryvnias stayed in Ukraine while my girlfriend left for Slovakia two months later
Why can the Swiss have four official languages and Ukraine can't have just two?
I demand the state of emergency to be declared in Ukraine immediately along with curfew, and arrests of agents provocateur
That is why we, the real patriots of Ukraine, took weapons in our hands seeking to protect the tormented Mother Ukraine against the usurpation by oligarchs and their cronies
Ukraine is not made of rubber
Ukraine is not for all
Are you serving term for Ukraine?
There are four potential Chernobyls in Ukraine
So Ukraine doesn't exist anymore?
Then goes the Very Ukraine, the First Ukraine, the Great Ukraine
So, Ukraine no longer exists?
The First Ukraine, the Legitimate Ukraine, the Very Ukraine, the Great Ukraine
UKRAINE, 20192023
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION OF UKRAINE
Please welcome the newly elected President of Ukraine
Performance of responsibilities across the entire territory of Ukraine from Lugansk to Uzhgorod, from Sumy to Yalta?
The absence of Lugansk, Uzhgorod, Sumy or Yalta in the territory of modern Ukraine
The newly elected president Vasily Goloborodko has met all the Constitutional requirements regulating the qualification for the office of the elected president of Ukraine
The Very Ukraine
UKRAINE, KYIV 2049 KYIV MEDICAL UNIVERSITY
She won't step her foot in Kharkiv until it becomes Ukraine's capital
He has revitalized the traditions of Zaporizhzhia Host and is now convincing citizens that Zaporizhzhia is the cradle of Ukraine's statehood and it is exactly where founders Kyi, Schek, Khoriv and their sister Lybid arrived in the fifth century
And yes, the critical part is to avoid provocative questions like where was Ukraine founded, where exactly did Kyi, Schek, Khoriv and their sister
today Kyiv is hosting the summit of 28 newly established states of Ukraine
There are huge expectations laid on the summit in terms of Ukraine's reunification prospects
Ukraine has once again made it to the Guinness Book of Records as a country disintegrating into the biggest number of states
To return our MotherUkraine into its historical boundaries
Ukraine was joined by the First Ukraine, Great Ukraine, the Very Ukraine and the state that never decided on its name
Young people are returning to Ukraine
And another request: build enterprises to cover the whole of Ukraine
They want to be regions of Ukraine again
And labor migrants started to flock back into Ukraine
The taxation reform and tangible successes of fighting corruption allowed Ukraine to finally regain
UKRAINE 20192023 Volyn, Vinnytsia, Ternopil and Rivne regions
Foreign investments are coming to Ukraine
Look! This is Ukraine!
In Ukraine, Ukrainian is spoken
In February 2022, a terrible accident happened in one of Lviv mines
The president of Ukraine urged the governments of the exUSSR, former Lugansk and Donetsk regions, to send experts to the site
Ukraine was back to its original borders
Ukraine set up and increased its own gas extraction capacity
Ukraine has consolidated and is now moving forward
And to return to Ukraine once a year, merely to cherish nostalgic feelings and to pay homage to ancestors
TW's pole has a visitor, too, but it's a metallic starling
Building's still on lockdown, but we completed our search
Full Metal, what's his actual name?
Metal, up
Hit Full Metal, will you?
Full Metal, grab the breaching tools, help the boysRoger that
Metal, toss it in
Fire that up, Metal
The cancer may metastasize
The cancer metastasized
Well, until we figure out which resident is the killer, this whole place is on lockdown
Yes We're all about the lockdown
It's gonna be a long lockdown
Yeah, that's meta crime fighting right there
I'm not here for a vaccine
If he or she came to you with achy joints and pretended they needed a vaccination, what would you do then?
I'm getting lost in your metaphor
It fires projectiles of molten metal to penetrate armored vehicles
It uses magnets to fire molten metal through steel armor
You can move metal with your mind
We were aware the cancer in your lungs had metastasized to your liver and kidneys, but this latest MRI shows it's taken up residence in your brain as well
Those metal junks are useless
Well, every metaphorical pennyHmm
Did you zoom in?
They seemed to be made of special metal
And I'm not an old man held together with wire and metal
It's a precious metal that's also used in nuclear reactors and jewelry
I would say that demonic forces do not exist, and patients often use the crutch of the metaphoric to explain and deny
All here We're on lockdown The headcount was done
Yeah, zoom in
Here's news from the Ukraine Here's who he is
Here's how they set up the Ukraine
Each visitor's personal details were logged, and metal objects caused the metal detector to buzz
They cannot give the material to be photocopied without permit from the headquarters of the KGB in Ukraine,
It is even more complicated, because the defense rushed to the Ukraine and brought from there proof that the maiden name of his mother was not at all Marchenko, but another name
Because that's Ukraine
I don't know why they are against Ukraine
From Germany, the Ukraine, all the people that, either trying to get out during the war, or they emigrated right after the war
♪ Zoom, zoom, zoom Walkin' away from you ♪
He's in lockdown 23 hours a day
Metal worker
Mary and Joseph, you want to give me a coronary?
TheMarkovians want to capture or kill as many metas as possible
We've been sneaking metas and suspected metas outside the perimeter
Let the ASA capture more metas?
Is that one of the Green Light metas?
Metas can't maintain output at 80% for long without exhaustion
If you want the metas to be stable for longer,
Dr Blair and I will need clearance to all the sectors in this facility and access to all meta related files
On one condition, you'll have additional access, but only to the Green Light metas
Specialty, metahumans
Like metamorphosis
In light of the tension surrounding the Storm Area 51 event, the military has implemented a zerotolerance lockdown at the gate of the secret base
If you use a freshly sharpened knife, the metal taste gets in the food
It's a metaphor!
You mean, like, metaphorical blood, right?
I'm going out on a vaccination run in a small village and I don't know when I'll have a signal again, but I want you to know that I'm thinking about you and I'm counting the days
The Markovians want to capture or kill as many metas as possible
Put Freeland on lockdown
I'm not a meta
Freeland continues to be on lockdown
What about the metas?
You know exactly what the ASA is gonna do with those metas once you stabilize them
I know the ASA wants to use the metas as weapons and once they're stabilized, they might decide they want that too, but at least this way I'm giving them a choice
But everyone in Freeland with the metagene
Now that the ASA knows what Green Light can do, they'll flood the city until they get as many metas as they can
Well, I assumed all that had changed when Black Lightning helped those meta refugees escape
This meta just kicked your ass bruh
Yes, and you're gonna help me find a workaround, so they can't force the metas to be weapons
You need my antibodies to stabilize the metas, don't you?
If the metas aren't stabilized, then the ASA can't weaponize them
It started after I took that vaccine
Government experiments have turned residents into metahumans
And the ASA has rounded up any suspected metas and put them in a detainment facility
Step down, metafreak
You don't, meta
Can you guess what we're looking at before we zoom out?
Metal sculptures are sometimes treated with cyanide to achieve a special sheen
Like, way back Before I knew what a metagene wasback
So anybody who had the meta gene, when they drank the water, it would take their powers away
I told everyone to turn in meta so they could be cured, or cultivated
Okay, okay, Jefferson Pierce and I have been running an underground railroad for the metas for the last month
They were going to turn everyone in Freeland into a meta
He won't attack us because he's weakminded, and won't want to fight metas that we've trained for fear of killing them
Killing all of the metas was not part of your mission
No Markovians, no need for war No war, no need for metas
Desperate enough to make and unleash unstable now metas on Freeland
Can you zoom in there?
Is it a kind of pandemic?
Salonen talked about the pandemic
She pounded the enemy with a metal pipe
Please use the strongest zoom to get closeup photos
That's sort of a good metaphor
Am I off with this metaphor?
I understand the metaphor
He'll zoom in and take in the details
That they had a visit from a doctor who'll charge them for a Chagas vaccine
There's no vaccine Tell them
There's no vaccine
You'll need a vaccinelike delivery system, though, won't you?
My brotherinlaw has had a breakthrough with the Chagas vaccine
That will bury every problem in the race to bring out a vaccine
They'll rush out a vaccine, make it stupid expensive, which is great for the shareholders
Carl said you'd get first look at the vaccine distribution contract
They have a medical team here offering a chagas vaccine
You could get us on the list for the chagas vaccine
It's a private company that's handling the vaccination process
Listen, your wife was making some inquiries about a new chagas vaccine that's being trialled at the centre
Make them have this vaccination which means they may never have what we have?
The vaccine definitely contains Lloyd's development, which means it carries the same sterility risks
They were able to test the vaccine and it's an absolute match
My son, Leroy, even took part in this trial for this new Chagas vaccine, even though the sideeffects for this drug means that he may never have children
It's about all those people who can't have children because they were vaccinated and making sure that doesn't happen to anyone else
Use everything we know about Chagas to try and find a cure instead of a vaccine
It's very meta, we make a lot of references to the original movies
As far as many ancient astronaut theorists are concerned, the ongoing efforts to privatize space exploration, by everyone from Elon Musk to Robert Bigelow and Virgin Atlantic's Richard Branson, will soon make secrecy about UFOs and possible alien visitations a thing of the past NARRATOR:
His blood's a vaccine, right?
It's not a vaccine A vaccine prevents
Where are you going, the best girl 2024?
Would you like to try driving this metal monster?
This metal monster is controllable
You, metal monster!
Zoom in
It has to be a metal casket and they have you in the room
ZOOM OUT
ZOOM IN
2023, APRIL 22, SATURDAY, 2:30 PM
2023, MAY 2, TUESDAY, 2:30 PM
2023, MAY 28, SATURDAY, 2:30 PM
JEJU SAEOREUM MARATHON 2023, APRIL 23, SUNDAY, 11:20 AM
2023, APRIL 13, THURSDAY, 6:37 PM
2023, APRIL 7, FRIDAY, 11:47 PM
A dog can power down his psyche and slow his metabolism
You wouldn't think Clyde would've noticed a little metal man leading a circus through his old neighbourhood?
We face every mystical and metaphysical threat there is, and yet you take me in
In the year of the metal buffalo, tenth month, 3rd day, on Chenji Mountain, under the archway to Wan Lu Sect,
The year of the metal buffalo, tenth month, 3rd day
Lockdown protocol engaged in three, two, one
Some real Metal Gear Solid shit
Metal Gear Solid Solid Snake?
Threepio, move your metal ass
I think you'll find that metal is the strongest thing in the world
Metal for Hitler!
Metal for Hitler!
Fame is a fourletter word, like tape or zoom or face
The stick was a metaphor Move on from the stick
Every single guest went through the metal detector
Wait Zoom in on it
It's not metal
Janko, the keys are not metal
It's never too late to get that metal removed
Her vaccination's important Don't you get it?
Salvagers have jacked some stuff over the years for metal but it's all URM technology, so it's mostly been left alone
Forged before The Fall by the lost arts of URM metallurgy
The fuck kind of metaphor is that?
Put all the exits on lockdown Sweep from the bottom up
Something metallic down here
Come on in We'll talk about the space metal
Shit, Garza, you almost gave me a coronary
I'm on lockdown
With vaccinations ineffective, all patients exhibiting the virus have been euthanized
Zoom in
Just get me some fucking metal shavings and the toolfuckingkit, all right?
That's a metaphor
I know what a metaphor is
We're in a metal box Come on, that's not going to help
Now I'm a metal press operator
I will offer them my Nobel Prize metal I will give them the same ultimatum
I have like eight month trying to get a fucking passport, and they don't stop asking if I got my vaccine!
[METAL HISSES]
So, it zooms up really quickly and it catches Noah's ark
Show me your zoom lens
Behold the zoom
Sometimes the metals they were using in the car industry weren't strong enough to take the forces involved, so they went to the aeronautical industry
I am zooming up here
We'll test your metal tomorrow
All right You get started on the lockdown sequence
There's no pillars in a handbook so get your metaphors straight
No, I don't think so There's metal all over the place in here, so
I call it Beth metal
This place is on total lockdown
You stand in a yard full of scrap metal and stolen goods, and you talk like a politician
It'll take a lot more than a metal bar up my ass
Maneuver it away from civilians if you can, but most important, keep it away from metal
I'm gonna zoom in on that
Yeah, it has aa flipout monitor there and a really good digital zoom
My metabolism was tuned for short, intense bursts
Sorry Metal hip
Because we're not machines, you metal motherfucker
It's your coronation, for God's sake! You can't be late
And so, on this extraordinary day of coronation, we open a new chapter, a new beginning
Metal trinkets as well?
Computer, zoom out
Zooming out
Keep zooming out until you find out how far The Tallest are from Earth
Zooming out
Zooming out Zooming out
Zooming out Zooming out
Zooming out
Zooming out Zooming out Zooming out
Zooming out
Zooming out Zooming out Zooming out
I heard that it's a metaphor for death
All I need is a piece of magnetized metal and a pivot
But at the Copacabana, an Italian tourist had his throat slit by a metal shard
The target's in a metal coffer
Now zoom in on the area of the heist
All right, let's get to the nearest lockdown facility Hey, no
I developed the Snowflake to be a carrier for vaccines, a panacea for the whole world
'Cause it's not just metal they filled your head with
On lockdown In a secure asset vault
Some metals are common, like copper, and are called base metals
Others are rare and valuable, like gold, and are called precious metals
A simple duplication spell for metallic objects should suffice
My Year 11's are meant to be offtimetable for intensive revision
I gave you the power of metal duplication
Elijah It's metal
But you can't get through it, because people's bones break against metal, and you're nothing special
The Ukraine
And journalists aren't allowed in Ukraine
I am going to Ukraine
In Ukraine?
In Ukraine?
Yes, Yes, in Ukraine
Did she teach English in Ukraine?
We're in Ukraine
The metal on the sheath is well, I've never seen anything like it
You may now deliver your blessings upon my coronation
I am humbled by your presence on the day of my coronation
A metamorphosis of spirit into reality
A timetable is moved up
I think I'm butchering this metaphor
[Helen voiceover] On the flight overI satby thewindow brooding,asusual,over thewiring,thehydraulics andallthosesheets ofmetalstitchedtogether thinkingthatflying requireda continuousmiracle
[gentle classical piano music] I had a boyfriend at the time, a pianist from Ukraine
But he's just diagnosed a carcinoma on his own lip It's metastasizing as you wait
Hey, metal head!
I rode around all day on a metal horse with a lady that talks in riddles
Okay, let's get this coronation over with
This whole time, metastasizing
Its water, metals and minerals
It's more of a stadium rockslashdeath metal band
I'm in a stadium rockslashdeath metal band
In lockdown
In lockdown
In lockdown
Stop asking questions Stop doing metacommentary
Zoom in
Lockdown
Lockdown
I'd have done it sooner, but some new metahuman freak sent a bunch of central city's finest to the hospital before the flash and his team were able to stop them, not that there's anything wrong with metahumans
It's like we're tracking The dna of a dna tracker This is so meta
Oh, I see So now it's just a metaphor for our relationship
Or metaphors
Any time metal breaks the upper troposphere, it can acquire a temporary radioactive charge
Solid metal
The metaphor seemed a bit simplistic
There's no way to zoom in any further
all my stuff is on board, including that kickass purse that has metal studs on the bottom so it doesn't touch gross restaurant floors
Other than mixing metaphors into some kind of smoothielike paste
Had a metal nose Tycho Brahe
Wait, I'll clean it and add a metal frame
And it's not like we're on lockdown People are wandering around
Different metals in a meteor burn with particular colors
The green comes from nickel, which is the most common metal found in meteors
YYou're saying they all mistook air for solid metallic objects?
I've seen metal pulled out of people's bodies you'd swear looked like Abe Lincoln
[METAL CLINKS]
Do you trust Elon Musk?
'Cause that man is one white glove and metal hand away from being a James Bond villain
So, unless you have a plan to screen those people, and that plan includes, like, a fucking metal detector,
It's a coil, wrapped around a metallic core, and when electricity passes through it
This is a fine example of metals and astronomical science
The one in the metal frames!
Gendered spells of metamorphosis
With sacred and arcane metallurgy and alchemy, we shall craft a tool of immense power,
Sabrina's coronation and all attending festivities will be held at the Academy of Unseen Arts
You will blow the horn of Gabriel for me, opening the Gates to the Pit for the aristocracy of Hell, who will attend your coronation
I shall expect you all at my daughter's coronation
I will return to collect you for the coronation
A Coronation on Earth
My skin turns into this carbon metamaterial that bends the light
And the metal detector won't pick this up Right?
It's where all the police forces in the region store seized contraband, drugs, cash, jewels, precious metals
We've analysed the account using various tools and been able to access the metadata
Yes, given time, we can simulate all the metadata
Drugs, cash, jewels, precious metals
Drugs, cash, jewels, precious metals
We've been provided with the metadata on the phone number you gave me for Lisa McQueen
You know, uh, all the NGOs in this area, theythey all look after each other, so I put word out and it seems like there's a medical truck heading through Kisima, measles vaccination program
Look, the militia groups out where you're going, they should leave you be, and as far as they're concerned, you're out there vaccinating against disease,
My species has a crazy high metabolism, so we evolved two esophaguses
A medical researcher, a very outspoken opponent of the Mellara vaccine
Galdus' research revealed that the vaccine was putting children at risk of Torin's Syndrome
Thousands of people would've died without that vaccine
1 will not go on record declaring a vaccine is dangerous when it isn't
I have that update on the vaccine shipment to Alamak Three
Sweetie, it's just a metal penis
Being in the sim cranks your metabolism 146 times normal
Metaphorically speaking
Not real bridges, Mammy, metaphorical bridges
Then why can't you wear metaphorical trousers?
Metal in the pocket
In this metaphor, am I the thing that is broken beyond repair?
But instead of, like, screws and metal, the Mind Flayer made its weapon with melted people Yes
For Nicky's coronation at the Khodynka Field, people are invited to participate in a public feast for anyone that wants to come
The coronation of a Russian Czar was magnificent, majestic, jewelinfested, exquisite, the cost was extraordinary
The coronation really defines the emperor as a ruler whose power comes from God
2000, 3000 bodies of peasants lie on this coronation field, where soon there are to be festivities, the Czar, the Grand Duke, the Royal Family are to arrive
I got a friend in the sheetmetal shop, and he'd make me little pegs of nickel alloy, and I could sink each one of them into your thigh bones and connect it to your wrists with strands of copper wire
Given time, we can simulate all the metadata
Here's a map created from historical metadata on the phone's positions
And while we're still unable to determinate H's location, we know for certain that the hard drive of the computer would contain metadata proving it was used to communicate with the OCG
Change our food program, subsidize, buy from local farmers, vaccinate
The wall's a metaphor
A metaphor You worry too much, Stones
Suit of armor, strong and true, make this metal bust a move
We've been using the metaphor that Billy's injuries turned his memories and identity into a jigsaw puzzle
And if I might exhaust the metaphor, you don't leave until you make sure that every last salmon and sea otter is scraped clean
The evil that is heavy metal rock music is resolute, steadfast, and unwavering, in its goal to corrupt our children's souls
It's fucking Metallica, it's fucking Slayer It's, uh
Metallica has never recovered since Dave Mustaine left
Heavy metal and satanic cults, devil worship
Another gruesome ritualistic murder suicide claimed the lives of six people last night, following a heavy metal concert that local religious groups were protesting
Do I need to brace myself for a nautical metaphor?
Nothing wrong with a coronation
This is a day as grueling as her coronation 25 years ago, certainly in ceremonial terms
You are speaking to the Metatron, Aziraphale
Not at all The music is German Pagan Metal
♪ Well, the Ukraine girls really knock me out ♪
Shit, nigga, he tryin' to make a metaphor
Zoom in on the window
Okay? He can reorder his carbon on his skin into metamaterial
Rounds coated in the same carbon metamaterial as his skin
He is this close to a coronary He's got blood like engine oil
You ship boxes labeled as polio vaccine but they're not really polio vaccine, are they?
as polio vaccine Are you telling me
And your nametag
There's premium metal wire in this thing
He says that soccer is a metaphor for life
How ten sweaty people on a muddy field can be a metaphor for life I don't understand!
You've heard of Elon Musk, Bill Gates That's the
Girl says she was stabbed with some kind of metal tool or some shit
Metal tool?
With the pairing of the coronal isotopes, we could eventually be triggering this solution from a future point in time
You're ruining my metaphor
I realize that certain things have kind of served their purpose with me, and I guess maybe that's more of an invitation now, metaphorically, to what's to come, and just open to receiving whatever it is that comes my way,
You're hardly Elon Musk
Plus, any recording devices, iPads, GoPros, fucking Etch A Sketches, metal detector, full frisk, rubbergloveandVaseline treatment, if necessary
Ooh, what about him from Coronation Street?
Attention, students, we need to lockdown
I'd settle for, like, four Corona Lights and some nonrapey affection
We move across the earth and we take land and we build railways machines and smoke and metal all in our own image
All metal is bombed?
There are hundreds of strains of HPV We have a vaccine against nine of them
Do you taste metal?
And, metaphorically, the book had just begun to tick
Right now, he's imagining that he is just fine, and that a ton of burning metal, rubber and leather is a fully functioning car
Ukraine?
Hot enough to scar metal, but leave no molten trace
Attention, security Initiate lockdown North wing, fourth floor
Looks like a coronary, but an autopsy will tell
I suspect some vessel filled with a chunky salsa of abnormal impulses and metastasized rage
You damn well could've been, spilling all that hot metal like you did
Coronation chicken next week
Zoom in!
Quadruple digital zoom
Zoom in, please
Four seconds to lockdown
Lockdown complete Captain Pike!
If you touch that phaser, I'll cross the room in pointeight seconds and break the metacarpals in your hand
I had to calculate the correct electrical current to run through the metal on the floor to immobilize them
He's a mining geologist who specializes in rareearth metals
And we would have no vaccines that could help us
Ancient forms of these pathogens could start a pandemic that makes the bubonic plague look like
It's a metaphor
[ Heavy metal version of Greensleeves plays ] Whoa!
and has coronary heart disease
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
We could make a metahuman cure
I'm sending it back to him for final processing, but I think we may have found a way to suppress the meta genome
IIn some cases, the pituitary gland metabolizes dark matter, thus manifesting in meta powers
So to turn a metahuman into a humanhuman
And stopping a psychotic metakiller who we are literally powerless against, that's one of those cases
That's right, powerdampening cuffs fitted with an explosive charge in case you're both metas
We took down a powerful metahuman without our powers
You're a meta
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Our satellite didn't just create new metas It created metatech
Criminal Court of Central City, metacrime number 99512
Joslyn Jackam used this device, a socalled piece of metatech, to unlawfully and intentionally harm the citizens of Central City
Metasutures for metawounds, that's clever
So the car is a piece of metatech?
Miss West, is my client a metahuman?
You think we need a metahuman cure?
Besides, we have seen metahuman powers do really good things
Those metas, we created them against their will
And who shattered the satellite full of dark matter and created God knows how many metas?
This cure could give metahumans a second chance at having a normal life
So the fob is the metatech?
When are you gonna figure out that a metacure could actually help people?
Because despite our last encounter with him, he did create a metagene
I'd say this feels a lot like you helping me make a metahuman cure
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
For all the pain your family has suffered at the hands of those metas, you should be
I have a friend who feels the same way about metahumans as we do, and he wants to help you finish what you've started
Another metahuman was murdered in her apartment, same COD
So, I'm trying to help Cisco with his metahuman cure, but every time I start working on it,
Yeah, except I need metaDNA that hasn't fully bonded with dark matter yet
Okay, so you need DNA from a metahuman who was created recently?
All three of these metahumans were former criminals
It's a metahuman arrest log from 2018
This is from our database of metahumans?
Three years ago, Joe asked me to help get metahumans transferred out of the city
Besides, those metas were active prisoners
These metas, they've already served their time
It is about time they start offering it to metahumans, too
We need to get all those metas to a safe house before Cicada finds them
Cicada's not going to stop until every meta in this city is dead
Nice of you to look out for your fellow metas
I'm having those metas moved to federal protection,
Almost seemed like you actually wanted to save those metahumans
A meta that calls herself PeekABoo?
You get these metas to the drop
I know it's none of my business why you're afraid of a cure, but for what it's worth, I'm a meta, and I'm all for it
So if one day she wakes up scared of being a metahuman and decides to take that cure, her powers don't just disappear
After what that Spencer woman did to me with her metatech, I want them all gone
Every meta for themselves
[electrical buzzing] Okay, you see, the metas are on the move
the Feds have processed Norvock and the other metas, giving them new identities, so everybody's safe
Copy of the list of metas that Cicada's been pursuing
A woman used metahuman tech to take control of your mind
The metas in this city have no respect for human life
This is a DNA sample from a recently created metahuman
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
We haven't seen Cicada since the rooftop fight, which means the only way to track him down is to figure out who his next metahuman target's gonna be
Frost says that no new metas have shown up since Norvock went into witsec
Are the satellites tracking for dark matter or metagene bursts or Element X?
And then you're going to give him the chance to take the metahuman cure?
Do you think it's a metahuman?
A meta attack
There's a photo, it's in The Flash museum, of Flash and Cicada the last time they were ever seen confronting each other in public, and in the photo, by Flash's feet, the exact same burn mark left by the meta
This acid meta was at their final confrontation?
Why you are just telling us about this crucial meta now?
You know, different metas, different victims, different circumstances
If Cicada goes after this acid meta, that means that today's the last day we're going to confront him
I'm not used to going into an interview factoring in your metaabilities
Metahuman, superpowers, the thing that took his niece away from him
My fiancé was killed by metahumans during Zoom's rampage
Hurt enough for you to help Dwyer kill other metahumans?
Maybe not with the medicine you've been giving him, but STAR Labs has created a treatment that turns metas back into normal human beings
She's a meta
So le petit Dwyer is a meta
Wait, I thought we scanned Grace for meta powers when Nora entered her brain
Every time one of you metas comes near the rest of us, good people get hurt
Grace She's a meta
She didn't choose to be a meta, but she is
Once administered, the cure will take 60 seconds to eliminate the metahuman powers in your system
Okay, one fresh serving of piping hot metahuman cure
For instance, how did you know before you saw the burn marks in the photograph that it was a metahuman that would lead us to Cicada?
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
Every meta will die
We can make a metahuman cure
I come back from Tannhauser for one second, just borrowing a splicer for the meta cure and what do I find?
Her parents were at the ATM when the meta attacked Damn
A meta?
Flash did everything he could, but Cicada killed more people than Zoom or even the Red Death
A new meta was last seen jumping off a building in order to evade capture after
No, he only hurts metas, like the one who killed my parents Like you!
You're a meta and a liar!
All metas aren't bad
Apologize to all the metahumans out there still waiting for a cure, for their right to choose if they want these powers or not
If I looked at the DNA of two siblings, one who became a meta and one who didn't,
I would have a close enough genetic match to isolate the part of the genome that controls metagenes
2021
Hey, did you guys make a breakthrough with the metahuman cure?
We did I managed to locate a pair of metanonmeta siblings, so this cure, it's as good as done
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
I just wanna find what meta did this
They say it's a metal scrap from the shelf you got thrown into, but I don't know
She freaks out any time someone even says the word meta
I mean, her nonmeta husband died because of metas
Yeah, but writing about the Flash the metahuman
The dampening capabilities of this cell can negate the powers of 1,000 metahumans
You know this metal fragment they found underneath your shoulder?
From from metahumans
Did you know not all villains had metahuman powers?
It turned blue, just like Zoom's
We may have found a way to suppress the meta genome
Cisco Ramon, tonight you've got yourself a hot date and a metahuman cure
We have to wait how long before we can use the metahuman cure?
We have to wait for the compound to fully synthesize or it won't be able to effectively neutralize the dark matter in a metahuman's pituitary gland
One Zoom and one decaf Flash
Will you get me a Zoom, please?
One Zoom and one decaf Flash
One Zoom and one decaf Flash
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
We could make a metahuman cure
Ladies and gentlemen, we finally have our hands on the metahuman cure
But we need to test the cure on a metahuman
What we need is to save the Metas that Cicada is targeting because he's not gonna stop killing innocent people
A metahuman volunteer when the metahumans in this city have been chased away by us or killed by Cicada or incarcerated at Iron Heights Prison, so
Because there's already a meta here from Earth2, one who might not want his powers
Dark matter levels vary from metahuman to metahuman, but Shay Lamden's case is the most extreme we've seen, so we think if we could reverse the effects of a high level mutation like his
You can help all metahumans
It's taken a lot of work, but we think we figured out a way to transform dark matterinfused cells back to their nonmeta state
A metacure for your condition
Trust me, their preliminary analysis on reversing metagene transfigurations proves there is a strong chance it could work, especially in ichthyological prospects
It's a serum that suppresses dark matter in metahumans
We developed a cure to work on the human part of a metahuman
If we resaturate your metagenic cells, that will eliminate the possibility for you to transform them back into human cells
We know the metahuman cure works
And now we can use it to help all of the Metas in Central City and beyond
You're a meta
We can't just purge the metahumans in this city
And every metahuman in it
Yeah but gathering that many metas in one place is gonna make it one big target, right?
That makes every meta everywhere a target
You want me to open the doors to the CCPD to every meta in this city?
And not all metas are criminals
A magnokinetic metahuman!
New updates on the metahuman serial killer Cicada, who recently attacked
Apparently it wasn't enough for her to just kill all the metas in Central City
With this supercharge, she'll kill every meta in the country
What happens to all the metas that Dwyer killed?
What about all the metas that Grace killed in the future?
But right now, there won't be any future for any metas if we don't get rid of that dagger
But Cicada really is trying to kill every metahuman in this city
As a metahuman
I just worry that Cicada won't stop until she kills every metahuman on this
This trip, you must not tell anyone because if Cicada were to find out there's multiple Earths and each one of these Earths contains metahumans, no, they would be her next target
Now I am not a metahuman
Your Flash family created metahumans
The bus metas
There are hundreds of metas there
She's going to use all those metas like a battery
I fight crime and find other metahumans like me
There was a meta attack here two years ago
So this new Cicada might be going after this meta?
We can track the meta who left it
To kill every last metahuman
So, Cicada II is really Grace from the future, and she's trying to get revenge on the meta that murdered her parents and that killer meta is here?
We think a metahuman might have been involved
There was a time in Central City where not all meta attacks were public knowledge
Turns out he had metas on the payroll
What about the meta cure y'all cooked up?
You're a meta, Vickie!
Kamilla is blissfully unaware of any of the madness that goes on in STAR Labs, or that we routinely save the city from evil metas
This Cicada doesn't care if someone's a meta or not
And if we combine them with Icicle's metapowers
Perhaps the ice meta were not the primary target
You're not a meta
There won't be any future for any metas if we don't get rid of that dagger
All the metas that we couldn't cure, we got safely evacuated and they're waiting at a protected holding facility
I mean, the metas are safe for now, but Cicada's still out there, so the people are still in danger
I mean the floor is marble, furniture's untouched, and the skylight's made of glass and metal
When metahumans first appeared in Central City
Destroy the metahumans before they destroy the world
No, we're not gonna let thousands of metahumans die, now or in the future
She killed him after he took the metahuman cure
And hopefully, when she's no longer a meta
Grace, I know you think your uncle wanted all metas dead, but he was a meta
You're a meta, just like your uncle
Metas killed your parents, Gracie
Metasuspect
It's just hard to navigate the metalife, personallife balance
A typical metaloxide varistor protects against a thousand joules
Cisco's prototypes for the metahuman cure
And then I discover she's a metahuman
They used it to make metatech like Spencer Young's phone
Actually, Cicada's dagger dampens the abilities of metahumans nearby, but it wouldn't have any effect on metatech
That's one serious metadampener
If a metahuman takes that without the proper treatment
Cicada's gonna kill every metahuman in the city
Illegal immigrants, terrorists, metahumans
(HEAVY METAL MUSIC)
In a couple years, ARGUS will use people's growing fear of metahumans to seize control
We were forced to move to a ghetto district in 2021
I mean, you just show them a scary ogre or a dangerous meta, they just go barmy
The ship is the Almeta
The Almeta
Hey, listen, if you find out anything about the Almeta, you let me know
What we talked about the other night, the Almeta, the rocket launch in the South China Sea, there's something bigger going on here, Jack
I thought I'd outmetaphored you for once
This is the moment when I finally understand why CSI's so popular, because I'm like, Zoom in, enhance, enhance
Is metal
Is the whole metaphor landing, or is it too cerebral?
But you get in a fight, lockdown happens
You get shanked, lockdown happens
They strike you on the surface, but quickly burrow deep into the soul and metastasize into something darker
Metastasized into the most unforgivable sin against his own child?
A little metal statueIt's a bird that your mom used to have
The sample you brought in, it's been placed on full lockdown
[Lucilia] Previously on Swamp Thing [metal clanging]
[heavy metal music playing]
Our clever metaphysics division concocted a way to perfectly distill an entire decade into a single candy
How long does it take the Elon Musk Space Station to orbit the Earth?
Zoom in
ice, metal cold metal, especially
Do you remember that talk we had about metabolism?
Humans have a slow metabolism, a slow clock, so we live longer
Whereas cats and dogs Well, they have a fast metabolism
But when we zoom back in again, close enough to see the details,
Metallica Noice
But if you can ring a metaphor out of that, you're a better student than I ever was
Hey, Metallica man
Elon Musk
I think I might be bad at metaphors
I'm thinking Ukraine or Kentucky
If I were you, I'd forget about the box and worry about the bank's new metaldetection system
No, I do not have a positive ID, but you need to put the facility on lockdown and hold all passengers
There's a phone on the stand there Please zoom in
Relay CAM 6 Zoom on him
Put the pedal to the metal!
the guy in black with his metal bar
That looks like metal down there
It has a very powerful zoom lens, stronger than anything on the market at the moment
The densest metal in the galaxy
And most importantly, what does all this have to do with metas?
It's where they were giving the original vaccinations to the kids of Freeland
There are four metas here, all right?
I bet if anyone knows where those four metas at the clinic are, it's her
Those vaccine kids, they've survived in pods for over 30 years
I was the architect of the original vaccine program in Freeland
When it ended, I went to Markovia to create a meta program for them
The ASA helped me defect a few years ago, hoping to cripple Markovia's meta program, but I got in trouble, as you've described
I already know there's metahumans in the clinic
Fourteen of the vaccine kids will survive
I can't pinpoint exactly where they are, but there are four metas here
I was the architect of the original vaccine program at Freeland
When it ended, I went to Markovia to create a meta program for them
I already know there's metahumans in the clinic
You get these metas, and you will have more power than you ever imagined
They want her metahuman expertise
Metahuman target sighted
So, according to the briefcase, this correlates in time with a metahuman research program held at
They couldn't have had a vaccine scandal and war crimes
I mean, before they were metas, these were convicted murderers
I bet if anyone knows where those four metas at the clinic are, it's her
Before they were metahumans, these were convicted murderers
Markovia has been running an unsanctioned metahuman program for decades
Their assets had very small lifespans, so they stockpiled dozens of viable metas at their disposal, and put them in stasis for safekeeping
And if they can obtain you and force you to do the same for their metahuman army
Every metahuman in Freeland, be they in pods, jumping out of body bags, stomping holes in the streets,
The prison metas aren't controlled by the briefcase, so Dr Jace came up with another way to keep them in line
I don't trust Odell as far as I can throw him, but after what he said about the Markovians and every metahuman in Freeland being in danger, I had no choice, Jeff
It has the ability to supercharge deteriorating nerve cells in metahumans
And you heard Dad, it's mad real for metas in these streets right now
You are, with your metal detectors and your zerotolerance policy?
I found a reference in my old ASA files to a metahuman used in guerrilla warfare over 25 years ago
He was part of a covert ASArun program to turn violent inmates into metas
When the ASA scrubbed the operation, the metas were supposedly destroyed, but apparently not
How soon before all my metas are at full strength?
The metal has a familiar crystalline structure
They'll get to set the timetable, frame the entire debate
I've been working for months on an Ebola vaccine
I'll hijack the discussion into an indepth analysis of sedimentary versus metamorphic rock
in reference to the rare metallic element with the power of magnetism
They kept him in a metal box fourfoot square and tortured him to the brink of death
It's time for a literal and metaphoric cold shower
The kid who once put his hand into this metal grate to pull out a Matchbox car and cut his arm
The story is already metastasizing on newsfeeds
We're gonna do what we can, but I wouldn't advise rushing back from a metatarsal fracture
woods, metal, concrete, flesh
The release of radiation will be severe and will impact all of Soviet Ukraine,
There are more than 50 million people living in Byelorussia and Ukraine
The original was purchased by Elon Musk in a competitive bidding situation
Now the NAG's on lockdown
We are pleased to inform you that you've been selected for the admission to the Belgrave class of 2023
The golem is created from clay, mud, or metal
And it must be hard to write in metal
It's a metaphor, sport
The feminist metaphor of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
Metaphorically, yes
I got a kickass metabolism
It's funny, I always thought the temple was under the reference library instead of this haunted house, which makes more sense, you know, metaphorically
Wait, zoom in
That's a metaphor, right? 'Cause I don't actually have a shovel
It's a metaphor
By the way, y'all wanna sign my cast to coronate the deal?
You expect me to believe that metal piece of crap's gonna catch us a mermaid?
By monster, you mean, like, a metaphor, right?
Probably not the best metaphor, but yeah
Wait Zoom in on that last one
You're on lockdown
This is a lockdown Return to your classrooms immediately
But not before he went through what I gather was a very painful metamorphosis
Haven't you ever heard of a metaphor?
Dying isn't a metaphor
Paoletto has to get his vaccination shot, I have to go to school
Paoletto needs his vaccination
We got another metal detector opening Come on, let's go
So when he hit the TV, he stumbled, and hit the dining room table where it was metal, and he hit his eye
What their timetable is, the capital structure
It's a metabolite
There is to be no talking during lockdown
You will be informed when lockdown is over
The lockdown will continue until further notice
You will be informed when lockdown is over
Talking is not permitted in emergency lockdown mode
The door's in automatic lockdown I can't open it
You know, what was real and what was maybe metaphor
We got metal detectors on the doors that don't work
Nearly gave me a frickin' coronary
So of course they're going to try and figure out the metaphor
But I'm going to need a good metaphor
No, no, you're supposed to be Brody in this metaphor
The metaphors were a bit off
Metaphysically speaking, you and I are intrinsically and inexplicably linked
After the false prophet is sacrificed, the shire will have a bacchanal to celebrate the coronation of the Gryphon Queen
When you arrange metal in a particular order
I just saw a trillion different realities folding onto each other like thin sheets of metal forming a single blade
You can use a bit more pressure than you think, actually, but no teeth, especially if you're packin' metal, Natalie
What we do know is that it's metastatic
You're losing me with the baseball metaphors
This place is on lockdown
This is of brass metal, Maria
There was also a woman that could control metal
Lockdown activated
Those things went right through da metal
It's made out of metal
This camp is now on lockdown
Settlement's in lockdown
Anything in there about some kind of possible vaccine?
Estimated total protein, 1580 with trace dysplastic metabolites
No cop stories or tortured metaphors?
The reason Ebola Zaire is classified as a BL4 agent is there's no vaccine, no treatment
Up there (METAL CREAKING)
No, I don't think that's an apt metaphor in this
It's good for your metabolism
Metal
She was determined to get that spaceflu vaccine through to the miners at Station X19
The stuff left in his cubby, sir Bits of metal
Literally This is not a metaphor
For too long, I've hidden behind a wall of metaphors
The whole lab goes into lockdown after 6 PM, when the evening shift leaves
It's a pandemic of overcommunication that's led to an absence of intimacy
You're not even good at the metaphors
Metal spoke sharpener!
[Michaelangelo] Whoa, who's the dude with the metal face?
So they had to put metal washers in their tail
(metal clanging, crashing)
(metal scraping) (man groans)
(metal clanging, scraping)
[metal scraping, clanging]
[indistinct chatter] [metal clangs to the ground] [alarm blaring]
They were diecast metal, they were really intricate
[Trish] Metamorphosis, that's a great word
Maybe a sharp piece of metal
Zoom
McCullough's already made arrangements with the Metal Wu and the Water Wu
like fire, and metal, and water You You
And the cop has been taken by the Metal Wu
I'm the Metal Wu
I've taken over all the metal in your body
The Metal Wu is in me
Metal and Fire under my power
Make it zoom in
And there's a large crowd of protesters gathering in Dover this morning, as it's been announced that so far in 2024, more Ukrainian refugees have entered the UK than in the whole of the previous year
They're flooding in from Ukraine
97% of Ukraine voted for Russian citizenship
But I thought It's legal in Ukraine, isn't it? No, no, no
Technically, homosexuality isn't illegal in Ukraine, so if they say you can live discreetly, they can say you're safe to be returned
You know, in the Ukraine they tortured him
But they're Eastern Orthodox, and when the Russians occupied Ukraine, they named him to the police as gay
And you, metal head, byebye!
It's like that in the Ukraine, people just disappear
If you leave Spain and you get stopped without your papers, you'll get sent back to Ukraine
Well, I need to get it through a metal detector
[metal rattling]
[device beeps] [machine whirring] [screams] [groans] [metal creaking]
[straining] [claws grating metal]
I was really hoping the whole maze thing was just a metaphor
The solar corona
There's a very marked three dimensional aspect of having the sun's corona coming from behind the moon the way it is
Metaphorically speaking
He developed something called metamechanics
You know, so, like, the thought of puberty, like this irreversible, forever fucking metamorphosis was just, like, fucking terrifying
Vroom and zoom
Vroom and zoom!
Vroom and zoom?
If more than one field is deactivated at any given time, the entire building goes into lockdown
[Nothing Else Matters by Metallica plays]
Pedal to the motherfuckin' metal!
He shamed his people, but be warned his skill with metal makes him useful to the town
What do you do in the metalworks?
The only reason they didn't shoot him was because of his skills with metal
Could you stand on the metal plate there?
Theyâve erased the metadata, so it can't be traced
Throughout the year we've explored the city as a metaphor for utopia and decline
Cut the metaphors!
Appendicitis, vaccines, arrhythmias
I saw a live stream in 2009 where he injected himself with a homemade malaria vaccine
So, get this the plan was to inject himself with the vaccine, then let an infected Anopheles mosquito bite him
That malaria vaccine he developed?
All right, ARAM, coordinate with security, put that building on lockdown, and see if they can't get a location on that badge
I am, metaphysically, but aren't we all just a little?
John is going through his hair metal phase
And don't forget to get all your vaccines this fall
Moldova, Ukraine?
For those of you who don't know the story, there's this spot in Corona Heights Park where my brother and I used to play catch
Zoom in on this angelic, little face
It is sharp enough to cut through metal
Look, the whole moon is on lockdown
We'll have this whole place on lockdown before it gets even close
It was solid metal
There's something in the well Something that rots metal
But it's turning this metal into weird pencil shavings
If we zoom in, we can see the tissues that are used to transport
This metal ring in your report
A metamorphic mineral
So, the General and his wife are from a province on the border with Ukraine
[ Metal clinks ]
It's like a fucking metal cage
It's a metaphor
How do you zoom on this
It's just a chunk of metal, Harry
It's physically impossible for us to timetable every single module
Ukraine, 84
I'll see you in 2024
Harlan started out with a rusty SmithCorona, and built himself into one of the bestselling mystery writers of all time
It's a place in Romania on the border with Ukraine and the whole area is blacked out
And although your doses have been carefully calibrated, everyone metabolizes the chemicals differently, so if you have any reaction, please, go see one of the doctors who welcomed you, or see the nurse Maureen in the lobby
They made their money in specialty metals and they've never invested in this kind of space before
We made our money in specialty metals, immutable alloys
They keep one of the rare stores of smallpox vaccine
As transmissible as smallpox is, the vaccine is completely effective if taken within the 12day incubation period that someone nicer would've told me about sooner, but he didn't
We do have antibiotics and vaccines
Looks like we got our nurse from Toronto Zoom in on that plate for me
[Dontae] Metal detectors when you walk in
If this had gotten out, it would've been a catastrophic pandemic
[Momberg] We're gonna need to accelerate our timetable
The only reason there wasn't a pandemic of Godknowswhat in Houston was because Hannah Wells wouldn't let it go when the FBI shut it down
We should work out a timetable of who sees the kids when
Zoom!
Measles vaccine
Apparently, he's just crossed into Moldova from Ukraine
Pandemics have killed more people than wars, and an airborne one, manufactured or not, would only take about six months to infect the entire planet which is why, as I've said before,
As of now, we're on lockdown
Comes every morning, truck full of soda cans and scrap metal
You know, the iPhone distorts images, especially if you zoom
How about I keep pinching your left circumflex coronary artery, shutting off the blood flow to your heart?
I'm sure it's a metaphor for something we're not possibly deep enough to understand
Metal
I got nothing besides some old scrap metal
The fact that it survives it's kind of like a metaphor for Robert's life
These aren't from metal
Bridge, that's bell at surface at 2021
Why didn't you loop me in before you put this place on lockdown?
This a lockdown place?
It's a metaphoric, Dad
AAre you referring to demons metaphorically or clinically?
Youstartby swinging the tenpound hammer against a metal plate, generating upwards of half a ton of force with every swing until it triggers the release of the 350pound ram
One's a heightdefying sheetmetal installer
I don't think a fearless sheetmetal worker and a badass grandma are the least bit intimidated
Tinawrestles with metal all day at work, but I don't think they let her take a sledgehammer 1,000 feet in the air
How's she gonna drag 200 pounds of metal?
I wanted my challenges to be an event, and this one does not disappoint with metal chains, giant pillars, and huge wrecking balls
I am a master trainer and metabolic technician, and I help athletes finetune their training
Let's crank up some Heavy Metal
This is Heavy Metal
Heavy Metal is a fullbody beatdown
They're marching to Heavy Metal
This is Heavy Metal
Only way to Mount Olympus, you have to get to the top of Heavy Metal
We saw how the combat veteran dominated on Heavy Metal
We saw how Chris dominated the crank on Heavy Metal
Youstartby swinging the 10pound hammer against a metal plate, generating upwards of a half a ton of force with every swing until it triggers the release of the 350pound ram
Get on the metal bars
We'll put Antony on lockdown
Got my pedal to the metal
I have my pedal to the metal
We're talking metaphors, right?
It tastes like metal
We are in full facility lockdown
I repeat, full facility lockdown
Zara, the embassy's on lockdown It's gonna be hard to get back in, but stay close, and, um, just be ready
The embassy is in lockdown due to a security threat
There should be, at least, metal detectors when you walk into the school
The US stockpile won't be eliminated until 2023, at a cost of around $50 billion
We got first responders on the ground (indistinct chatter) Security lockdown on
Going on lockdown
I'll see how close I can zoom in without distortion
I'm testing the metal alloys now
Great metaphor Hey, I'm a little busy right now
Is it metal?
It is metal
So, your boy's licking metal 'cause he's got a mineral deficiency
Vaccines are gonna do more than rosaries
Well, even so, we have metal detectors at all of the entrances, and we'll keep our eyes peeled for anything suspicious
I initiated lockdown protocol
I just got an alert that the NineNine is on lockdown
Yeah, maybe you should try cuffing me to a stronger metal next time
Yeah, I don't know the relative strength of metals
OUTBREAK ALERT MANDATORY VACCINES
Handle it without the vaccine?
We have to vaccinate, perform CPR and drive our own car?
But we need to vaccinate the village, so nothing does happen
Help me control your people so we can vaccinate them
The issue, Mateus, is that if we don't vaccinate the people here, besides opening a pathway for the virus, we'll lose our jobs
Take the vaccine?
If they don't want to take the vaccine, we'll call the police
We couldn't vaccinate anyone because they were dead
The people have agreed to be vaccinated We'll do it tomorrow morning
How come it's so difficult to administer a vaccination?
There is no negotiating a mandatory government vaccination
Doctor, do you prefer to impose your authority or have the people vaccinated?
At least we managed to vaccinate them
Whatever Dr Lorenzo gave them, it wasn't our vaccines
We're going to vaccinate this village, whether you like it or not
But if the people refuse to take the vaccines,
How was it that you knew about the vaccines in the river?
What's so wrong about vaccinating these people?
Your vaccine is poison to our bodies
The people are ready for the vaccines
You have to stop the vaccinations
Commander Caruso, this man is a phony He's trying to boycott the vaccination
Don't let them vaccinate you
You called us because people needed to be vaccinated
Now the people have been vaccinated and the victim looks fine
What could be worse than our vaccines poisoning these people?
I think she's the one who tipped Damião about the vaccines in the river
If he hadn't been vaccinated,
You took the Zika mutation vaccine, didn't you?
Only two cases of this mutation were found and in people who'd already been vaccinated
But if I may extend your metaphor, there's only one match to your card in a deck
We paged the lab to add on plasma and urine metanephrines to confirm
So, once he warmed up in the OR, he started to metabolize the drug, causing this rare reaction
All personnel designated green, please report to the medical wing for removal of any remaining metal implants
Fast metabolism
I'm a nurse that knows her metal
Yeah I think he fractured his fourth metacarpal and possibly sprained his wrist
Heard she's been on the run ever since the New Republic put all her employers in lockdown
[METAL CLANGS]
So, if you run a precious metal detector over the piece and hear a beep, you know it's an Ace
Zoom in
You know that much metal's gonna draw some attention
Andre got her on some serious lockdown
Not a teaspoon, a fullsized tablespoon A metal one
It's just that when I look at this page here, it's, like, really fuzzy and itit zooms in and out
All right, somebody call Ward We gotta go on lockdown
Lockdown is now over
Don't puke We gotta do this postlockdown checklist bullshit
All inmates have been offered a chance to shower after the lockdown
So, I heard you had your first lockdown
Sounds like a bad metal band
There's no such thing as a bad metal band
[SOUND OF METAL DOOR OPENING]
[METAL IMPACT]
And with the metallic strip, you could safely adhere it to any surface
June 2, 2024
2024
June 2, 2024
Okay, so we'll occlude the coronary artery of half the mice, reperfuse it
A metaphor more Moving isn't easy
Yes, the sunflower is food and medicine, but it is also a hyperaccumulator, which means it can remove radiation and heavy metals from contaminated soil
They're food, medicine, and they can even absorb heavy metals and radiation
None of them had the HPV vaccine
The HPV vaccine?
The HPV vaccination only works on teenagers
I saved your lives with the HPV vaccine
It's the whole compound It's under lockdown
Not that you don't know your way around a baseball metaphor
Zooming in
The Soviets, and particularly, the people of Ukraine and Russia and Belarus threw themselves at this task in a way that is shocking and beautiful and also terrifying and heartbreaking
By the way, this is the only other metal bolt we found
You found a quiet spot in the woods and, just before the battle scene, you shot a metal bolt through your own thigh
And me, inert, metallic
Uh, ish, that was a metaphor
Meta
And some people have better metabolism
of the metaphoric feminine that exists
I've been overwatering you, metaphorically, so if this is something you really want, go for it
Will we touch on metaethics? Yes
Not about ketchup, but the rise of GMOs has led to concentrations of toxic metals that have serious consequences on wildlife, so it's not worth it
Got metal pots, copper coiling, propane tanks
Coronal mass ejection detected on the sun deck
Um, well, we could could also just, like, approach it a little bit more metaphorically, I guess
[METAL CLANGING]
You're using a lot of World War II metaphors
Yeah, as long as it's the Legends of Metal tribute or the Blue Man Group, which, really, I mean, there is no choice there
The electricity will heat up the knives, which will then heat up the door, and since metal expands when it's heated and it's harder than concrete, it, uh yeah
You know, it's actually kinetic energy stored in the metal limbs of the crossbow that fires the bolt, not the elasticity of the wires
Thank God for that box metaphor
So, you think she's a metahuman?
Initiating system lockdown protocol
No, it's just a metaphor
Lockdown until your transport tonight
This is a very weird metaphor
I was being metaphorical
Okay, so what's the timetable on Rubinek? Ballpark?
Respectfully, sir, I think it can be whatever the metaphor calls for
The next total solar eclipse in North America is not until 2024
It's a metaphor, doofus
If we sought approval for, and had to explain everything we do, we'd still be working on a polio vaccine
I already know there's metahumans in the clinic
How soon before all my metas are at full strength?
You're about to be the most powerful metahuman arms dealer in the world
A new meta showed up in Freeland and helped kidnap the vaccine kids
But all that metal flying around
And, while we haven't been able to confirm that Cape Guy was a Green Light meta, it is increasingly clear that Freeland police are now willing to shoot first and find out later
Did you get any leads on the kidnapped vaccine kids?
I think the radiation we found near the breakin site was from the power supply sustaining a pod which held a metahuman
The same meta that showed up to steal the vaccine kids?
So Tobias has the vaccine kids and a meta from the free clinic?
Or metas
Floating radiation leading to lethal metas
Metas come in many different forms
If he was a meta, the real question is, what did he want with Grace?
You'll always be a meta, Wendy, but that doesn't mean you can't be a teacher or a doctor
Jen, I think the shapeshifter was Grace Grace is a meta
Tobias just unleashed a different kind of meta on Freeland for some kind of demonstration
Metahuman soldiers, now available to those who can afford them
One meta might not be enough to beat them
Tobias, you can't sell a dead meta
Tobias just unleashed a different kind of meta on Freeland for some kind of demonstration
Good How long until they can be awakened and join the prison metas?
Every metahuman in Freeland is in danger
While we send metas to reclaim the pods
Those metahumans are out of the pods Odell's gonna wanna claim them
I'm gonna scoop up all those poor, lost little metahumans
You've been classified a clear and present metahuman threat to national security
The Markovians have a stockpile of metahumans in pods
The concentration of metahumans in Freeland from the vaccines and the Green Light experiment make it the greatest threat to Markovia
She's a long distance runner, so maybe she metabolized the drugs faster?
Pedal to the metal
Metal plates?
The bad news is, there's only an experimental vaccine
Where's the vaccine?
The vaccine's minutes away
Please tell me that's the vaccine
But we're gonna give you this vaccine just to make sure
It's got to be a total lockdown with citywide checkpoints
That's the length of your stay I have a shorter timetable in mind
What if the storm that destroyed the De La Cruz was actually a metaphor?
If I'd stayed on Bay Street, I'd be fast tracking a coronary
Just to search for anything more exotic, like heavy metals or perhaps a nerve agent
I couldn't get a regular gun through the metal detectors
She printed the gun, used ceramic bullets to avoid the metal detectors
(metal clangs) (panting)
♪ Bones of metal, metal ♪
We need to put the building on lockdown
The Chariot's winch cable is conductive metal
The metal in the trench
Well, if you can't do dialysis, this guy metabolizes urea and creatine
Some say we are a disease which Australia needs vaccination for
The house is in lockdown
Why haven't we figured out how to zoom in on a thumbnail?
Okay, can we please stop with the toe metaphor?
Look, I don't know what they taught you on that hunk of metal you grew up in, but where I'm from, when someone tells you you're in danger, you listen
We believe they're in Sanctum, which is why we're on lockdown
Lockdown isn't enough if someone is hiding them
I love heavy metal and that's where Black Sabbath are from
Between two rounds of gunfire, we heard this metallic clicking
Can we zoom in on Miss Weber's hand?
She's from Ukraine Do you need a translator?
She's from Ukraine, so I'm not fooling myself into thinking I'll ever get a statement
Well, you're up to date on your vaccinations and that's good
The next scheduled eclipse in North America is not until 2024
I can make a powerful electromagnet to slide the metal bolts, force the door open
Excellent metaphor
CBC, glyco, metabolic
Yes, that's right That book This metasequoia tree appears in there
I'm allergic to metal
Um does the bus station have metal detectors? I guess
Like that you know, you see Mother Ayahuasca and then the vision that she the jump of like she's actually there, like it's not just a metaphor You know what I mean?
Unfortunately, until we know for sure, we're still on lockdown
Nichole's up to date on her vaccinations
Commander, Captain Bell just called from lockdown
I was caught up with the creepy metal hand nobody told me about
All metals are under quarantine
That means rings, that means studs, that means your glasses, even if they just have metal hinges
All metal No exceptions
Metaphorically speaking
Make sure you haven't got any metal in your pockets
Any metal caught in the EMF field will get crushed
The magnetic field wants to crush metal Your suit is metal
Zoom! Go away, Jimmy
Zoom!
Zoom in on her back pocket right here
In order to stop the pain we're going to have to surgically put them back into alignment with metal plates
By the time any change showed up on imaging, it's most likely metastasized throughout your body
2023 09 12Tuesday at 11 am
[METAL GATES CREAKING]
She was an artist, made stuff out of metal
The murder weapon was just a piece of scrap metal the killer found at the scene
would crippled the country's supply of everything from pacemakers to vaccines
That's why they call me Full Metal
Brock, Full Metal, collapse your position, meet me at the front entrance
Do you have any dizziness or a metallic taste?
No, hard to talk with metal in my mouth
I'm getting confused by your metaphors Just say what happened
What a zoomer
Zoom in
Zoom, right there
And these glowing tattoos that you mentioned, was that a metaphor?
Is that name a metaphor as well or
On a metal structure by Christophe Vallaux, we mounted the 3,500 metres of a standard copy in 9 reels
The metal canisters that contain films
The metal frames resemble frames I saw in Mexico
The talking points that you haven't been reading, a rough timetable for the next few years
Each creature is flanked by a metallic object, a wheel within a wheel, that Ezekiel observes as it descends, making a tremendous amount of noise
We need to initiate a lockdown!
Look, I don't know the protocol for a lockdown, man
Whatever you do, don't touch anything metal
It's hard to move forward when you're in lockdown
All right, I'm gonna cover your metaphorical sadness with snacks
What's round, metal, and easily detachable?
Anyone but me tries to open it or move it, that tablet will turn into a puddle of metal and plastic
Zoom in on that guy in grey
During the electroplating process, dissolved metals are drawn by electrical attraction to form a thin, coherent coating on a surface of opposite charge
The result is a metallic mummy, as it were
But the First Order has us on lockdown
The Tower is under complete lockdown
Starship is still in lockdown
I have been looking into creating edible vaccines via pollination, just like in my paper
If we bypass the coded messages and look into the phone's encrypted meta data, we get the serial numbers
Your proposal to spread vaccines through food, that is brilliant
Why don't we grab a sixpack of Corona, and head on down to the beach Right?
in their metabolism, in their appearance, in principal, potentially, in who they are as people, personality changes
Maybe it was severed on broken glass or metal when its owner was trying to climb out after the crash
(METAL CREAKS AND RATTLES)
We're getting a full analysis done of the product but preliminary testing is showing mercury, other heavy metals
Everything you'd expect high levels of heavy metals in her brain and other organs
On the other hand, if that thing out there metastasizes and I use force to clean it up, I'm seen as a monster
metaphorical, not literal
it could be the world's next pandemic
Well, FBI, NOPD and JPSO and the state troopers have the city on lockdown
It's a sophomoric metaphor for her heart
I love metaphors, Peter, but not so much when it involves a rapist/murderer's day in court
If any one of these systems is set off, it will activate a lockdown
Metaphorically, we did
He wasn't, metastatic cancer
I thought the vaccine was to inoculate the people of Old Town, but if it's for the hatchlings
In a sarcoma that's metastasized?
What is unique is having an aggressive metastatic cancer start to disappear without any rational explanation
It could be a metaphor
We're in lockdown Nothing in, nothing out
Being one of the only black kids at the most expensive prep school in the city versus being a black kid at, you know, MLK Senior, where you gotta go through metal detectors every day, that entitles you to put a bumper sticker on your Lexus
My filling, it's metal
I'm Bob, I was born with armpit stains Uh, zoom
What about Ukraine?
How about going to Ukraine?
Me going to Ukraine?
Think about Ukraine
It was a big metal round thing with tubes on it
I was able to identify the pill's active ingredient as a variant of cytarabine which is an antimetabolite
If you're ever in need, a trusty metal bucket functions as a perfect satellite dish
Otherwise, the metal
An amazing property of metal is that it becomes pliable in the presence of heat
But not all metals are created equal
The sand and plaster act as insulators, which is good because a handheld propane torch can reach almost 2,000 degrees the kind of heat you need to make one of the world's strongest metal alloys bend
Those metal bars would've been driven into the brick with heavyduty masonry anchors
Take us out of lockdown
It is some kind of metallic object
A spherical, nonporous, metallic object
Metallic, spherical, nonporous Partially buried
Well, I'm using Laurel's equipment to compare the metallurgy of your arrows to the ones that we found in those men and women, so we'll see
Comes with the metaterritory
Or turn them into metahumans against their will
♪ ♪ [atmospheric thrumming] [metal, glass rattling] [sinister music]
Yeah, the corona's flair matched the exact cadence of Chester's fingers
You've been classified a clear and present metahuman threat to national security
Those metahumans are out of the pods Odell's gonna wanna claim them
And if they can obtain you and force you to do the same for their metahuman army
My father took me to the clinic to get the vaccine and
Separating any suspected child from their parents and putting them into detainment facilities like the one behind me until they've been cleared of the meta gene
Why all you metas gotta come up with these corny ass names for yourselves?
Markovians breached the compound with a special ops strike team and one meta
They sent in a strike team and a meta to try to take the children
If you see anything or hear anything that you feel will lead to meta engagement, please call our hotline at 180055
Metas everywhere, military everywhere
Oh, and there was a new meta there as well
It was just like this weird black ash, then this Commander Carson Williams called the meta by his real name, Ned Creegan?
Your mother's research is important to understanding and controlling these metas and your father is biologically priceless
He's like your father in that he is a product of the original vaccine trials
He's a meta that can mimic the powers of any other meta that he comes in contact with
The other meta you saw is exactly who Williams said he was,
He was a part of the government's meta force project that was run by Williams
I found an ASA convoy with metas heading to the detention center
All the parents are trying to do is get their children out of Freeland, so that they won't be taken away because they might be a meta
Room is getting crowded, and a room full of scared meta children ain't a good combination
They think the clinic is being turned into a place where they identify possible metas
Turn the metas into weapons
The Markovians are hunting down any metas they can get their hands on
You come from a family of metas and the Markovians are hunting you
‐ So, it turns out Alec's cousin Micky actually booked the party bus for this date in 2023
Bravo 2, take Full Metal to the right
Metal, Sonny, push left, hammer that bunker!
Full Metal, hit 'em!
Metal, anything?
I mean, look, hey, you could've been Full Metal He fell off at least, what, twice?
But Alexandria should go on lockdown just in case
During your search along the river, you and the man with the metal arm walked my land
I feel an energy calling to me, urging me on to help our good neighbors by employing my expertise in architecture and engineering to plug the metaphorical gap tooth in the metaphorical smile that is the Hilltop's fortification
The man with the metal arm gave it to me
The man with the metal arm could prove useful
The man with the metal arm?
It's our responsibility to find a vaccine
I mean, it's an imperfect metaphor, but the the point is, you you wanted it to live
It appears to have metastasized everywhere
His swim buddy is on his up from Coronado, and my sister flies in from Denver tonight
She was just diagnosed with, uh, coronary heart disease
We got to keep the love on lockdown
[TV reporter] Somewhere in the crumpled metal of the Apache helicopter lies a clue as to what made it fall from the sky
Because he totally had you on lockdown last time
That metal seems too real for cosplay
Can you zoom in, please?
There he is! Zoom in!
I have mixed metallic impurities in it to make a colloidal solution
Do that and she'll still be fibrillating, but without coronary perfusion You'll kill her
There are metahumans involved as well
Where are your metahumans?
Meta?
(metal thudding)
Begin lockdown procedure
Literally, not metaphorically
Metal head and torso silhouettes
But I also found pieces of duct tape and gray and yellow metal fragments
Yellow metal means another type of shrapnel
Can you get the tape and metal frags to the lab right away?
If Zod realizes you're missing, he'll order a lockdown
Objection! She's hijacking my metaphor!
I dream of hunting in this jungle of metal and asphalt
Stay sharp, metalheads
It's most likely a secondary tumor, a metastatic growth
They say it's probably a metastatic tumor
But in my three decades in the field, I've seen patients who have survived brain metastases
The images also show that the tumor is a metastasis from the lungs
No metastases in your lungs
And this is where the metastasis is located
What's the risk involved in the surgery besides the metastasis itself?
Name's Ivo From the Ukraine
We need to go into a lockdown immediately
They have medicines, vaccines, rapid blood tests
Bing, bang, boom, new virus, pandemic
And maybe being stuck in a metal can with some stupid kid barfing up blood is what's gonna get us all sick
I'm tired of living in this metal coffin
Damn, it feels good to be out of that metal can
[Metal clangs] I've got cribbing all set
[Metal clangs]
All right, you all know the drill  we are inserting a metal injection port straight into her tibia
[indistinct shouting] [metallic clattering]
We are under total lockdown and in danger
I remember him telling me she was born on Coronation Day
Leg's almost free, but there's a lot of jagged metal down here
Try pulling on the noncoronary commissure
Heavy metal toxin or poison?
All right, I'll have the labs expand Gaia's blood tests, search for heavy metals and toxins as well as other drugs
I'm afraid we're on a tighter timetable than that
Can you zoom in?
I've called the dog squad, so while the women are in lockdown, we'll raid the entire prison
What time are we letting the women out of lockdown?
Lockdown's been lifted
Half an hour before lockdown
And then, a few moments later, just before the lockdown was called, no hoodie
We need a lockdown in the Admissions Corridor!
I repeat, we need a lockdown in the Admissions Corridor
I need the lockdown released so I can get the officer into Medical, over
We are in lockdown
Hey, why are we in lockdown?
We're in lockdown
We're in lockdown
You release the fuckin' lockdown now!
Release the lockdown, or I shoot Vera
We've already missed Coronation Street
You say another bad word about Coronation Street and you may leave this house and never return
The metastases to your brain
Let's talk timetables
Now that she's got her parents' blessing, you're in lockdown, boy
Maybe you zoom to see more
Zoom into that
Cognition, meta‐cognition, human emotion
Area's under lockdown, sir
It can cut through any rock, metal, any material of this Earth
And I don't mean that metaphorically
We have procedures, all right? We're on something we call the soft lockdown right now
Like in Metamorphosis
I didn't see him metaphorically with my heart or some shit
I wish your metaphor had been something more in my wheelhouse, like celebrity gossip or YouTube promposals, but I think I understand what you're getting at
The place is on lockdown
Except in metal, so the container needs to be, uh, carbon fiber, ceramic
This is the same guy that kidnapped your cousin Esperanza and turned her into a metaassassin
Not a single one of our doppelgangers survived to make it to Earth Prime, as far as I can tell, but we did manage to pick up a buttton of bad guys and aliens and more metas, and you know the best part?
They've been abducting and training metahumans, like my cousin Esperanza and potentially others
And Black Hole's reach goes far beyond theft and training metahuman assassins
She's an astronomer out of Tokyo with the power to fuel starlight, but her metapowers aren't precise enough to do the kind of damage you showed me in those photos
Another new metasurprise courtesy of EarthfrakkingPrime
Might not be the most convenient time to call up your metaassassin
Black Hole has been using your optics technology for years, all while abducting metas like Esperanza Garcia who have lightbased powers, your area of expertise
They're a metaphor for fear and mortality
I think you have your metaphor twisted
WILL HAVE DIED WHEN THE WORLD CUP BEGINS IN 2022
Copa América 2023, and Copa Centenario 2016
When you're a genius with the ball and a poet with the metaphor, you sell yourself
Four days later, Datisa signed an agreement with CONMEBOL for the TV rights until 2023 in exchange for an official payment of $317 million,
The gringos went to Zürich with the hope of winning the 2022 World Cup, but they were facing the Qatar candidate, another soccer power that doesn't understand shit,
The metaphorical ones
Stupid metaphor
With all due respect, Cardinal, the Church can hardly claim ownership of an entire native metal
Except top prize is getting a hunk of magic metal embedded in your back
And He gave us Divinium, this extraordinary conductive metal, which has given life to my work
This isn't just a battle over metal or ideology
I think I have a super weird metal thing in my back that brought me back from the dead
A new metal Different from Divinium
Unless there's another weird, blue metal thing that I can't phase through
Let's not make assumptions when it comes to large metal objects full of jet fuel
A week later, she was told that the cancer had metastasized
You gotta get through a security clearance, then you gotta go get frisked, and then you get to go through a metal detector
You could have a brother that stuck metal clips in his hair to deflect enemy signals from Cuba
We were over at Cow Barn Hill, we were going down the hill, he flipped over and he hit his mouth on a metal runner
Okay, well, there was a dog there earlier, and it was a really apt metaphor!
There were too many metaphors!
You don't get the metaphor that I'm
How are you not getting the metaphor?
Especially in Ukraine
Ukraine, mostly
UKRAINE
They're arms dealers From Ukraine, via Belgium to the rest of the world
This evening we are following a tense situation outside Garnet Medical Center, which is now the sixth local hospital to go into lockdown and close its doors to new patients in the last 24 hours
Under the leadership of luminary metaphysicist Octavio Coleman, Esq, the institute gained a wide influence and prestige for which it is now renowned
We have reached the final moments of our entertainment, when my intentions become clear and the veil of metaphor is lifted at last
Metal spoke sharpener!
Yeah, you know I'm in the goo I'm wearing a metal diaper in a thing of goo
June 2, 2024
Mick, June 2, 2024 is exactly 5 and a half years after the date we returned
We have until June 2, 2024, to stop that from happening
Lockdown drills for Deck 7 have been canceled until further notice
Your vessel's configuration and metallurgy suggest 23rd to 25th century construction
She's a genius at metamath
And you play bass in a Jpop hard metal cover band?
Um, look, I need help with a metamath problem
And you play bass in a Jpop hard metal cover band?
Look, I need help with a metamath problem
No, we need a specialist, and the metamath is just it's too this is really bad, Julia
We need a specialist, and the metamath is just it's too
The alternative is all time magic's in some kind of lockdown
Good metaphor
Um, aren't you supposed to be on lockdown?
Can we fix the lockdown now?
Lockdown wasn't an accident, was it?
Now how 'bout you show us how to lift that lockdown?
What, was the world overrun with metal automatons taking over all the work of men?
His life, to a coronary;
YouTube'ed, TikTok'ed
But I think Elena is talking about vaginas as a metaphor for our own discomfort with the parts of us that make us most uniquely and primally who we are
Our conversation took less than a minute, the same amount of time it took for that metaphorical glass ceiling to form right above my head
We were under orders to destroy those expired vaccines
Besides, those vaccines were all still perfectly good
Got the small pox vaccine in here
No one's moving three tons of dead metal anywhere
But at least the kids got their vaccinations
I mean, who doesn't enforce vaccinations?
Fucking rare earth metals
This pissing contest I'm into with Jennings, it's moved our timetable way up, so I need to get my ducks in a row so I can file this report ASAP
EastEnders Coronation Street
D, Coronation Street
Coronation Street is the right answer, well done
Coronation Street CHRIS GUFFAWS
Bloody Coronation Street
The, er, the show kept the tape, because well, to use your metaphor, they needed to add the fingerprints to it
precious metals because they're longterm assets
Giorgio, it was a metaphor
Don't take it personally, my metabolism isn't exactly at its best right now
Your metabolism stagnates, your air passages contract
She is fighting against the collapse of her metabolism and the plunge into a coma
Number three, you must remove the bells from your uniforms as they will set off our metal detectors
Big drum, big drum, middle one, little one, foot drum, metal thing, metal thing, no mistakes!
The entire east wingis now a Covid ward
Yes, it goes againsteverything we teach, but there are no emergenciesin a pandemic
I know you're not taking any nonCovid cases, but you are taking this teenagerwith full thickness burns from head to toe from a car explosion
He's high risk for Covid
You know you are high riskfor Covid right now
Hey, your son Frankie was takento Seattle Presbyterian because we'rea Covid center
Metaphorically, obviously, for medical insurance reasons, it's much better if you do fire me
All I know is, I woke up in a pool of my own blood next to a metal chair that had a dent in it the same shape as my head
I was sitting in said metal chair watching the season two premiere of The Masked Singer
I want the day off so I can sit around and listen to death metal and get my head right
And if you ever want a friend to sit with you and silently listen to death metal, just know I'm always here
If you zoom in enough, you can see the business card
Work with ESU, get us a timetable for the power being restored, and hurry!
Which 'Metamorphosis'?
It's a minor break in the fifth metacarpal
Mm, more vaccines
Hanks got the corona
Um didn't seem Zoomappropriate
Got to Zoomcall some local business owners in an hour just so I can tell them their loans are still being held up
I've ordered a lockdown of Tango Compound, and we'll have every hand on deck
[Metal rod banging on the ground]
Lockdowns, gangs brown people
If you stick to the vaccination schedule, you shouldn't have problems
It's just a piece of metal
The heat was so intense, it melted metal, and the guys from this house went in anyway
Cranks up your metabolism, boosts your immunity, natural aphrodisiac
The waves of energy currently battering our plane are a result of a coronal mass ejection or CMEan explosion on the surface of the sun which has released powerful bursts of electromagnetic energy into the solar system
The developer has set a timetable
Well, that timetable isn't
See all that metal we took from these beaners?
Could you zoom in on this?
Whatever metaphor you want to use, it's time for mama to put on her biggirl pants
I think the glitter is like Metamucil
And can you please bring the vaccination card into day care? I got it
Weirdbutlovable neighbors, check Metaphorical Peru can suck it
Excuse me, these are CIA grade, ultra zoom, 5K they have 5K now
No, I mean it's a metaphor
It's hard to say exactly, but it was something heavy and solid, most likely metal
We found foreign traces of hair, his blood, metal drill dust, boot prints, industrial grease, and small fragments of paint chips on his skull
Lockdown
Lockdown
Lockdown!
Nightblood metabolizes radiation
I can't take my eyes off that head lying flat on the metal tray
Really hope that sword talk is just a metaphor
See the metal thing? Just above your head?
When the DEO put Toycon on lockdown, Lex had just slipped up
Lockdown
Lockdown
Lockdown
Director Danvers, why is my DEO on lockdown tonight?
That's the Lexosuits and the lockdown shields
That was metal!
What, besides the fact that my leg's got a piece of fuckin' metal stickin' out of it?
I want the hall on lockdown once the delegates are in
We have these metal Kcups at my daughter's house, reusable
It's like a metaphor for rejuvenation and second chances
Jess, they threw a lump of metal at my head, a chunk of motorbike and it crashed inches from my face
They threw a chunk of metal at my skull !
Who threw the metal at him ?
And that is why you are on a soft lockdown till further notice, soldier
Fingers gripping a sweaty Corona
But in the case of the bumbling Baron Berbrooke, it seems his displeasing appearance is quite an apt metaphor for the state of affairs in his household
Or perhaps you will send me off with more vague metaphors and trite remarks
[metal clonks] Oh, you shouldn't touch that, okay?
[metal clinks]
And the Corona lorry
You have the world following you on TikTok
A second‐grader got caught going through the metal detector with a machete last week
Maybe that one Zoom in
Boots on the moon by 2024
Boots on the moon in 2024
It can eject a metal net, and it is our hope that we can get this net to tangle with enemy satellites
Long story short, you are going to be hurtling towards the sun for about a week, but then a giant metal space friend will come and rescue you, Marcus
And POTUS wants boots on the moon by 2024
It's probably probably a metaphor
Can you zoom in on the exhaust mount?
No One is Fullmetal Alchemist, one is Fullmetal Metal Alchemist:
Full Metal Alchemist came first, but it caught up to the manga, so they have to make up their own stuff
And the queen of TikTok
Beijing is hosting the Winter Olympics 2022
Forget how bad polio was, people stop taking vaccines
Yeah, I thought he was gonna have a coronary
And, no, I cannot have a bead on him, because a bead is the metal protuberance on the end of a gun barrel, which helps a shooter aim
Couldcould you check for me? Metaxalone
Metamaterials
Just enhance, zoom in on the eyes
Tminus two minutes to lockdown
Once this starts, Cheyenne Mountain goes into lockdown, and our chance of stopping the general's gone
Lockdown in one minute
Lockdown in one minute
Prepare for lockdown
Prepare for lockdown
Not during the lockdown
Commencing lockdown
Just undo the lockdown
But all you need is metal
Metals absorb radio signals, and if the signal's strong enough, the metal oscillates and vibrates the surrounding air, producing noise
This DIY AM transmitter will create sound in nearly any metal appliance
If I don't deliver a victory in the Ukraine, she intends to bring out conventional forces to fight the Spree
Follow lockdown protocol
Children, for your own safety, we're going into full lockdown
Granada said this place is on lockdown There'll be guards everywhere
This whole thing is covered in liquid metal
You post on TikTok 42 times a week
They have all the docks on lockdown right now
Pallas is ourlargest neutral metals producer
Let Pallas lower their metal production and the economy of Vorr collapses
In a metaphysical sense, I am everywhere, but
This port is on lockdown
See, and that's why the Metaxian mob was offering 50,000 units for these things
Nobody ever thinks to tell the accounting department what is happening when there's a damn lockdown
Lockdown
Metaxian bar at the next stop if you're hungry?
I get it, Metaxian food can be pretty heavy
A photo for your coronation invites?
Wasn't that your metaphor?
It's the highest honour to be invited to the coronation, Lazaro
Zoom it
Zoom in
Wait, zoom in
The nurse said you'll have a metallic taste in your mouth afterwards
Came straight from the metal shop
Oh, yeah, I listen to industrial alternative electronic metal
My metalworks teacher has someone coming from MODA tomorrow,
By the way, my metal piece got into MODA
I exposed myself, not entirely metaphorically, in court
This film was completed during the Covid19 pandemic
says the person with the metabolism of a baby goat
Then it's metal to her face MF Doom
Scouring the metadata from his post
I don't like how meta this is getting, Rick
I'll be the judge of when we get too meta
Having a birth certificate, a vaccination certificate?
Bring your vaccination certificate, you don't seem too immune
My baby is He has all the vaccines
[METAL CREAKING]
[METAL SQUEAKING]
No, but you do look like a man who is painfree and enjoys mixing metaphors
Yes, but Urna is, well, once was an industrial seat, a hub for the enrichment of unstable metals
The ship may have been hit by a CME, a coronal mass ejection
That's why I'm putting this family on lockdown
I don't think a 'yote has the strength to get the lid of these metal cans open
There was metal fatigue and stress fractures everywhere
It's a metaphor
Also a metaphor
And then, an unnecessary metaphor
The front desk is a dead end, and miss Shaw put all the keys to room 334 on lockdown, so I
We're told it has been confined to the infirmary level and the building has been placed on lockdown
Zoom in
Shots fired Station lockdown
Metal objects can attract lightning if the bolt is already within a certain distance, relative to the size of the object, of course
It's probably the metal wire in my bra
(METAL CREAKS)
(BREAK THE SILENCE BY SOUTHEAST DESERT METAL PLAYS ON RADIO)
Just zoom in
Um, I'll zoom I'll zoom
You have a stress fracture My guess, second metatarsal
I mean, it's a fractured metatarsal, not cancer
Metatarsal's a bone in the toe
Yeah, I know what a frickin' metatarsal is
Yeah, in the key of death metal
That's one mixed metaphor, sir
Only you're the one zooming me
Enough with the chess metaphors!
Compoundwide lockdown
These things that you think can save you are just pieces of metal
♪ Living in the fast lane Pedal to the metal ♪
Do not fuck Elon Musk
A vaccine
It is a metastatic triple negative in an advanced state
And artillery shell is gonna rip right through the thousands of pounds of metal surrounding you
Isaiah, you're taking lead on the soup kitchen in Corona tonight
June 2nd, 2024
We are going to die on June 2nd, 2024
Did you say June 2nd, 2024?
That photo zoom in
♪ 'Cause all I want to do is Zoomzoomzoom ♪
[metal scraping] [woman 1] At the age of 12, I was part of a scout group
That's not enough Because some women carry the grace that requires metaphor
Look, it wisnae fucking Coronation Street round there, do you know what I mean?
And at the beginning of December, you went to Ukraine
It's that random clinic in Ukraine!
I did speak to the clinic over here and they've said that they've sent over all the paperwork, all the travel documents, and everything seems to be in order, so it must have happened in Ukraine
So he came right through the metal, and right through the ceiling
Metastases to the lymph nodes and liver were observed
We could download TikTok on your cell phone
One more word out of you, and I will skewer your metal head
Metal
He made fun of me on TikTok because I don't have a mom
And Grandma and Grandpa, well, they probably think TikTok is a clock
It's the metadata from Clark's video
I heard them tapping on a metal pipe
But how do I zoom in here?
Right, like, what does Elon Musk, or Olympians do to unplug?
Maybe rent one of these metal desks, filing cabinets
METAL CLANGS
Heavy metal is not scary
Metaphorically speaking
I had a friend from the Ukraine
In this case, opioids are the metaphorical equivalent, a substance people can't handle
Into his metaphorical hell
Michael, I have metastatic testicular cancer, after I was already diagnosed with mesothelioma
We pulled metal out of trees, under rocks, places you wouldn't even think to look
Metaphor
It's a fucking metaphor, okay?
Looking for scraps of metal from a missile that blew up two miles that way
‐ We're gonna need to accelerate our timetable
No metal
So even if Mr Reed can pinpoint the location of that metal six years ago, he can't guarantee anything is gonna still be there, right?
One where metal debris rained down from the sky
I got some of the metal
After the Army retrieved the metal that Reed salvaged from his encounter, they loaded it onto a plane a lot bigger than that one
Look, if that metal has such powerful properties, why fly with it if you know it brought down another plane already?
Oh, so you do think that it was the metal that brought the plane down?
It wasn't the metal that caused the plane to crash
Let me examine the metal before we go
The timetable is only a suggestion, Sister
Invited to the funeral of Queen Victoria, as well as the last couple of coronations
Because they crossed the border into Ukraine using back roads, bypassing mandatory checkpoints
Emilia discovered they were transporting the bombs into Ukraine
I think I mean metaphor
Well, the term black book is just a metaphor
It's really a 2x4 metal box filled with photos, videos, all of it backed up on zip drives
Metaphorically
Sodium is an example of a combustible metal classified as D fuels
Metalheaded standup
Combustible metals are classified as what type of fuel
There's pieces of teeth and bones and probably some metal in there from Joe's bum knee
Basically, I saw the older ones die two years ago, but clearly, they're back to life, like they're mimetic metal or something
He's not gonna come back His dad probably has him on lockdown
Uh, we tested the shrapnel recovered from the church, and the metals are found in thousands of materials, but if we narrow the search query, to reflect materials found in public works, it narrows us down to a few dozen results
The shape of the bomb, the metallic shrapnel, the fact that this guy's a city worker
All this clinking metal is driving me crazy, and he won't stop or help!
Great, we'll get the rest of our vaccines loaded, then we can take off
I'm just glad we're able to get these MMR vaccines to the refugee camps in Jordan
I know those vaccines weren't cheap, but they'll help a lot of people
Kind of mixing your metaphors, aren't you?
I want this place in lockdown now
How? Good news is they're probably still in the building due to the lockdown
Is there a way to override the lockdown protocols?
Look at the metadata
No, no metals, no electronics, no electromagnetics
I embedded it in the metadata of my Darkcloud hack
I would've killed for a vaccine
Any vaccine
The one they use for closeups is sharp and metal, so we find that one, we find our murderer
We are on a lockdown
She means metaphorically That was not an admission of guilt
Don't tell me he asked you to do a TikTok with him
What better metaphor for merry old England today?
I think it's a metaphor for something
Sorry, metaphorically?
It's metastasized
Surprisingly more unpleasant was the metacarpal fracture
You know, I thought Bright's mom and that weird German lady had him on lockdown, but
Which may be metaphorically significant
The metal detectors won't catch it
You know, there is a, there is a point where you can pierce the heart, uh, and not disrupt a single coronary artery
As the body metabolizes the chemical it starts converting into other toxins, like acetone and glycolic acid and formaldehyde
That bottle is firmly lodged in his neck and aerobic metabolism has taken over, pressure is building and his body cavity is squeezing
He's not vaccinated
Which vaccinations is he missing?
Unvaccinated child with a mystery illness?
Do you see a lot of unvaccinated children?
Then neither of your sons are vaccinated?
Which we don't stock due to vaccines
We have an active case of diphtheria in an unvaccinated child
We're running a vaccination clinic, Rhoda will have the details
I got vaccinated, Dad Like, the day I turned 16
Especially ones who smuggled vaccines into the country to try to prevent typhoid, dysentery, diphtheria
You took that metaphor and you made it weird
A metal chest, but it has a lock requiring a combination
I was perfecting William's metamorphosis spell when the idea just suddenly came to me
Right through the metal detector
You know, like a scrap of metal from the license plate shop or the top of a can of baked beans
Is this a swearing in or a a coronation?
But meet me down the street My aunt has me on lockdown
The cars in this metaphor are the investments, the drivers are the investors, like you, and
Guys like that revvin' up your engine, metal under tension my job is to keep you off the highway to the danger zone
Think of me as your own personal metaphorical Saint Bernard
You don't need to be dealing with a metaphorical avalanche to avail yourself to the metaphorical bourbon hanging around my neck
It's a tough and rebellious rock style, that goes hand in hand with leather jackets and metal accessories
I got vaccinated just now
I ran, but I was struck from behind with a metal pipe
My own daughter and one of Gotham's most diabolical killers dead on a metal slab
Well, what are you saying, that the girl on the metal slab was an impostor?
Gotham is under a mandatory lockdown
Gotham is under a mandatory lockdown
Now the whole city's on lockdown because of me
Every codebreaker in the city is on lockdown because of him!
Let me zoom in real quick
Full disclosure, I thought Batcave was a metaphor
Yep Not a metaphor
Can I get a bottle of water to lockdown area four?
Sorry I missed your coronation
We're still investigating, of course, but the working theory right now is that Mr Corona gave his family a new life and paid for it with his suicide
Alright, first of all, your metaphors suck
Hey, zoom in
Dave Mustaine thought he would return to Metallica
She just got that vaccine
This wedding is our coronation
And what good is a coronation if you don't have a palace?
through 2021 Calm down Look
Elon Musk got his math teacher an island
Oh, Bird on a bird! Bird on a bird! Oh, you all got the TikTok invite
Down the line, alien DNA could create a universal vaccine
You may be on your way to a coronary or even an aneurism
Guys, I found this huge piece of metal while diving in the Olango Channel
Nonferrous metal
Guys, I found this huge piece of metal while diving in the Olango Channel
Our plan is to attach a metal frame with pins into your leg
I'm contacting Full Metal after this little lunch we just had to make sure that he is camped outside of your dorm room 24/7
Full Metal, you can use those later on Sonny if you want
Vic and Metal, once they get the goahead, they're gonna be open and exposed
Go Vic, Metal, watch the gate
I still haven't gotten Full Metal out of my nostrils after that one
Brock, Full Metal, stronghold the vehicles
âª I said I'll be back soon âª âª Like every time I get back at 4:00 âª âª And I strangle a Corona with lemon âª
I'm contacting Full Metal after this little lunch we just had to make sure that he is camped outside of your dorm room 24/7
Full Metal, you can use those later on Sonny if you want
Vic and Metal, once they get the goahead, they're gonna be open and exposed
Metal, you and Bravo 7 are up
JASON: Go Vic, Metal, watch the gate
I still haven't gotten Full Metal out of my nostrils after that one
FULL METAL: Nice, J
Zoom! I want what they have
♪ Am I a burgerflipping sailor? ♪ Okay, you changed metaphors there
It's a metaphor for the immigrant experience in America
It represents metamorphosis
I'm morally opposed to hair metal
Metaphorically speaking
Well, well, well, if it isn't the guy who put his metaphorical foot in his mouth
A dry mouth with the taste of metal
Marseille, are you trying to create a metaphor or something between your dead dog and my wife?
Dos Coronas
We just finished temporarily wiring his jaw, and now we're doing our coronal incision to expose the superior orbit and zygoma
We're ready to reattach the coronal flap
Coronary testing showed 90% narrowing of the left main artery to her heart
I've never done a coronary bypass on a threeyearold
Wait, wait, can you, um, zoom in on that one?
If we don't find anything, I'll hit up cyber and see if they can pull the metadata from that screengrab
That's a really mixed metaphor
Station's still in lockdown
See, it started with a swarm of metal locusts, and it ended with a runofthemill, physicsdefying fusion shutdown
Oh, I was never blessed with your metabolism
Five years ago, Seaver Chemical was accused of dumping heavy metals from their refinery
I got a hairline fracture in the metacarpal bone in my right hand
Grace Metalious Jacqueline Susann
Metaphorically speaking
Metahuman attorney
But I also have 20 years of experience defending nonmetahumans
Meta attack downtown
Cisco's off the grid, cataloging postCrisis metas
You know, this morning, when I got the meta alert,
You got any other foodrelated metaphors up your sleeve?
You know, that sounds like a metaphor for you and Mel
No metastasis in the lungs
This story has metastasized, and you got to get in front of it
And at school, the lockdown drills
It might be in the metadata Hold on
The rec center already has metal detectors in place
Yeah, they're all bunched up at the metal detectors it's gonna take another 15 minutes before they're all in
You know what a good metaphor is?
It's a fucking metaphor, okay?
Hey, I'm zooming out of here
The metacarpus doesn't let them through
This disappeared during the combustion, but it seems that during the process, it bent and touched the metallic chip, and it imprinted seven numbers on it
You have to dislocate the joint between the trapezium and the thumb's first metacarpal with strength and determination
Or we could just waste time on finance metaphors
Metaphor would have taken five seconds longer And been way more effective
Kevin, I don't think that's such a good idea Just 'cause I'm home don't mean he got to be on lockdown Ma
Do you know the only way to cut metal underwater?
Because down there, we cut metal with fire
You know very well the Colossus is on lockdown, and I know very well whatever you're doing out there is less than legal
Either way, your ships are now on lockdown
Then we should up the timetable
Put the Phoenixin lockdown
And he's got the woman who owns this place so freaked out, she's got it on lockdown, so great job, Mr CFO
I thought you were on lockdown
My friend said I might get a really horrible metallic taste in my mouth
When experts look back on this day they'll agree that she should've announced lockdown over the intercom immediately
I need to make a lockdown announcement as quickly as possible
Attention, faculty and students, we're in lockdown I repeat, we are in lockdown
Please consult your school safety manuals for instructions as we are in lockdown until further notice
Hold on OK, lockdown means we stay put, lock the door
If the office announces lockdown then they're on it
Everyone's still in lockdown I'm gonna try to warn as many as I can, OK? So
Except a piece of metal that he found
TikTok, if you talk to any tween out there there's no chance they'll delete this thing
Can you get the coronavirus by eating Chinese food?
Even talking about an AI is just a metaphor
So, if a user was, for example, antivaccine or believed in chemtrails or had indicated to Facebook's algorithms in some way that they were prone to belief in conspiracy theories,
It's not just COVID19 that's spreading fast
The notion drinking water will flush coronavirus from your system is one of several myths about the virus circulating on social media
Coronavirus is a a hoax
SARS, coronavirus
Maybe the government is using the coronavirus as an excuse to get everyone to stay inside because something else is happening
Coronavirus is not killing people, it's the 5G radiation that they're pumping out
This morning, panic and protest in Ukraine as
Those sources that are spreading coronavirus misinformation have amassed something like 52 million engagements
Well, let's say it hasn't been tested on this strain of the coronavirus, but
What we're seeing with COVID is just an extreme version of what's happening across our information ecosystem
[metal clanks]
I met other metahumans, a kid named Flash
We haven't been able to stabilize the metas without Dr Stewart
My friend, he's a meta
The ASA is going door to door, looking for metas
It's how I cured the meta Ebola
Not only do you know and help metahumans, but you make suits
Could you please zoom in Camera 21?
You can find scrap metal on the right
I didn't get enough scrap metal, so I couldn't sell them
After his coronation, King Lee Gon began his first duty as King, mourning his father's death for 26 days according to court laws
After his coronation, King Lee Gon in a different country in another world
You have a staff meeting at 8:00 am regarding the 25th anniversary of your coronation
After his coronation, King Lee Gon began his first duty as king, mourning his father's death for 26 days according to court laws
2022
I saw His Majesty at his coronation
MAY 27, 2022
Me, you, Trent, Full Metal
Base is on security lockdown
My buddy, Full Metal here
Do you know that Metal likes two things?
No, no Metal's right
Because there is coronavirus on it, and that shit spreads
They wanted a hybrid metal that would maintain a strong magnetic field but also remain liquid at room temperature
You'd need alkali metals in the mix
I know, it's crazy, right, to think we're in this small metal tube, way up in the sky, with literally nothing holding us up?
And if he wins in November, God help us, we need to come back in 2024 with everything we've got
In 2024
2024
Metabolic acidosis plus respiratory alkalosis
It might be vaporized metal
These asteroids are mtype or metal
This is really heavy, so the difference if you were being hit by this, it would be the difference between being hit by a rock and being hit by a metal hammer
You probably don't want that to hit you still, but it definitely makes it a lot weaker than something like a solid rock or even more, a chunk of nickel iron metal Durda:
You get vaporized rock or metal which blasts off the surface, and that's how a rocket works
But one asteroid deflection mission called double asteroid redirection test, or dart for short, is already up and running and scheduled for launch in 2021
It's a hyper velocity gas gun that allows us to shoot little metal bbs at rock targets at speeds up to like 13,000, 14,000 miles per hour
Parole officer says that Ryan's been living in a room above his buddy's metal shop
That's metal
Zoom into the tag
What a pleasant metaphor
♪ Wheel of Fortune, Sally Ride Heavy metal suicide ♪
What is that, Metallic Maven?
Metallic Maven
I want to do it on my timetable
As long as I'm here, can I get vaccinated for tropical diseases?
I was told you were assigned the chlorine leak at QM Metal Recycling on West Fulton?
I work with a lot of heavy metals, but I always take proper precautions
It's gonna be eight hours until his body metabolizes the digoxin
Nothing metallic on this Xray?
If I wake her up now, she could still go into metabolic crisis
Not very metal of you
All I can tell you is that it appears to be made out of a metal alloy I've never seen before
No, it seems as though my foot has fused with the metal when I transformed from a bat
Antoine Sax's metallic clarinet,
Zoomii?
So you two started up Zoomii with April?
This is a Zoomii rig
So any car with this kind of a rig can turn into a Zoomii car
So far, we have five cars that have been successfully fitted with the Zoomii rig
She must've set her route to Zoomii
Can you think of anyone specifically who was angry with Zoomii?
Zoomii technology is driving us into the future!
Yeah, I also decrypted April's Zoomii files and got this
That's the Zoomii rig
I didn't see any Zoomii cars painted in that colour
So the car needed to be on the road for at least 25 minutes before returning to Zoomii
Yeah, the GPS system picks back up at 1:30 at the water, drives 45 minutes, takes the long route to Zoomii, gets there at 2:15
So we need to check all the Zoomii alibis between 11:45 and 1:30 PM
Well, I'm guessing not a biker bar 30 minutes away from Zoomii
So I went back to Zoomii
April was hiding her schedule from the rest of Zoomii including your meeting
That Mica was considering selling Zoomii
Guess where the seed money for Zoomii came from
So she's got everything riding on Zoomii
Zoomii was not just cars
She found out there was a secret offer to buy Zoomii
Yeah, Mica's car was at Zoomii all day
Turns out that it is running the same program as Zoomii
Is that a bolt from a Zoomii car?
Has there ever been an accident in a Zoomii car?
So there's never been a Zoomii accident on the road?
Is that from a Zoomii car?
Right around the time Zoomii was originally going to launch
That's a Zoomii
If Zoomii was broke why were they still making a $10,000 a month donation to an accessibility charity?
I mean, companies in Zoomii's situationthey would normally cut back
It means that you lied to me about a Zoomii car never being in a hit and run
The Zoomii founders are going to be charged
Sixie took pity on me and told me to take a Zoomii
The blue Zoomii
If we came forward, Zoomii would be over
You went back to The Doverwhere your Zoomii car was parked
I smashed into it with my Zoomii
She offered Casey $10,000 a month for him to report the accident as a hit and run and keep Zoomii's name out of it
And Zoomii would've kept going destroying Axtonville and every other town like it
But the ironic thing about this is that if you and Casey had just gotten in a Zoomii car instead of that motorcyclenone of this would have happened
Her legacy lives on in Zoomii
And we are thrilled to announce that Zoomii is expanding
Zoomii will be opening their new plant in her home town of Axtonville
From all of us here at Zoomii thank you for an incredible launch
really heavy metal
No more Zoom Real school
The Prius crowd is moving in, taking advantage of the folks who lost their jobs in the Corona hoax
My doctoral dissertation is on neighborhoods in transition due to the economic displacement caused by the pandemic
Ever since this pandemic, she's worried we won't
Why don't we, uh, stick to the binky instead of, you know, rusty metal, huh?
But when we get there, the door's opened by this longhaired heavy metal guy with these weird leather zipup gloves, which totally freaked us out
Like wrestling and heavy metal
And we definitely got into heavy metal
They wanted us to be a cartoon rap version of an '80s metal band, but instead with Adidas shell toes and tracksuits and shit
Foot on the pedal Never ever false metal
The Markovians want to capture or kill as many metas as possible
You need my antibodies to stabilize the metas, don't you?
If the metas aren't stabilized, then the ASA can't weaponize them
One of the original metakids, he's in the Sanctum
And when the metahuman experiment started killing them
Chip and stabilize the metas we have here in the Pit
If this metabooster works,
I can temporarily augment normal cells to transfer to a particular metahuman profile
The metabooster effect lasted roughly one hour
Has been since the lockdown
That means no more cameras, no more metal detectors,
Is love rooted in biology or metaphysics?
Tonight, after lockdown
Tonight, after lockdown
Do you see that metal box on top?
Your operation's on a governmentordered lockdown
But shrapnel is metal, and with an electromagnet, you can pull it free without ever having to expose the wound
Alkaloid metals are orange
The metal strike plates in the Kevlar vests were made with conducting metals
Cats try to get your attention, but once they get your attention, they don't want it anymore, and maybe that's a deep metaphor for life
Zoom in
Now zoom in
Yes Zoom in
The Markovians want to capture or kill as many metas as possible
This occupation won't end until they stabilize the meta gene itself
And once she does, we will acquire that information and use it to stabilize our own army of metas
Colonel Mosin wants her to create the meta stabilization cure for Markovia
Because of the data I embedded in Cyclotronic, you were able to create the meta stabilization formula
Your message contained a virus that killed several metas
I know that you have developed a meta stabilization serum in America
He's a metahuman who can communicate with machines
You're two powerful metahumans that could squash me like a bug without breaking a sweat
Since Markovia has metahumans,
And I would rather die than help Mosin weaponize those metas
Kind of especially against a country full of metas
Yeah, creating a meta army Yeah, yeah
If they want stable metas around here, the Markovians aren't going to touch a hair on my chinny, chin, chin
Besides Gravedigger, how many metas are stable enough to fight?
The medicine or the metaphysics?
Want to zoom and get those plates?
All of these things could deplete your metaabilities
Joe, this is not metarelated business
Another lightbased meta?
It's a meta robbery at Mercury Labs
She was transferred to the covert division after the Particle Accelerator explosion left her with the metaability to bend sunlight
Taking down metas and protecting people
Barry, it's like you're stuck on this idea that the Flash is supposed to be limitless, but metas are the ones that have limits
Metas are the ones with limits
Bring Full Metal in
Something to do with the metals, maybe?
Wasn't that the name of that heavy metal band you sang in at school?
All departments, initiate a full facility lockdown
And we're on a lockdown
Ain't no call for lockdown, man!
Inmates aren't too happy about this lockdown
I got another lawyer to petition for a continuance, but it sounds like the whole place is on lockdown, so I couldn't get to the Warden
Aaron Wallace was supposed to be in court today, but apparently, the prison's on lockdown
He's incarcerated in an institution on lockdown
We're on a complete lockdown That means complete
Bringing me here with Hunt having this whole place on lockdown seems like a risk for you, ma'am
What's the status of the lockdown?
With this degree of metastasis, your immune system is severely compromised, and I'm just not sure you would recover from a surgery
Besides Gravedigger, how many metas are stable enough to fight?
I know that you have developed a meta stabilization serum in America
We have to launch this op before the Markovians find a way to force Dr Stewart to stabilize their metas, and half your people can't fight their way out of a paper bag
There are 94 metahumans here in pods who could live healthy lives with your stabilization cure
A metahuman with enhanced strength and speed, with the power to push whoever is in earshot
You're a stable meta
If you leave him there, we won't be able to stabilize our metas, and they'll all die
This was heavymetal toxicity Poison?
Call off the coronation Send men to Aegelesburg to retake it
There Zoom out
We are currently moving into a lockdown situation
This is a hard lockdown
Staff, please initiate lockdown procedures immediately
Hard lockdown
They're two layers of a really heavy metal
I think it's best we handle it after the lockdown
Justin, you came out of a window during a lockdown
This lockdown is all clear
I repeat This lockdown is all clear
Not having to go to a school with metal detectors or video cameras or armed fucking guards!
Maybe aliens come to strip mine the earth's crust for metals iron or titanium or platinum
Aliens might use these metals for exactly the same things that we do for building spaceships, for building their technology
Problem is, a lot of our planet's metals are buried deep in the earth's interior
When the earth formed, the great deal of its iron sunk down into the core of our planet and took a lot of metals with it
They released heavy metal elements into the universe, building materials for a new kind of star, and stars born from these new materials can do things their ancestors could not
As you enrich the universe, as more and more metals get produced over time, you can lower the temperature needed for fusion reactions in a star
If we don't slow down her metabolism, we risk her life
He ran right into a metal pole and caught him in the neck, I think
That's a metaphor
It is a metaphor
This meta doesn't just slow down time
Right now, I'm trying to stop a meta who can slow down time by reworking the VelocityX formula to speed her up and neutralize her kinetic energy metapowers, so I'm gonna focus on that
You were trying to bioengineer a formula to stop a metahuman, and rather than call your friend who's a bioengineer, you went with Bluetooth?
Your stable metas
Is it true he's a meta?
This briefcase contains the genome of every meta the ASA has ever come in contact with
The United States is responsible for starting and funding the Markovian meta research program decades before they brought that research to the States
Their experiments activated his dormant meta gene giving him superhuman strength, slowing the aging process, and the power to push his will on to others that we've all experienced
Tyson Sykes is the first metahuman in recorded history
Metaprime
If the US government had the serum to unlock meta powers this entire time, where is their meta army?
My covert mission was to extract the lead scientist of their meta program
Which led to the start of the ASA, and the beginning of the vaccine program here in Freeland
I left the formula for the metaboost serum in Markovia
The United States is responsible for starting and funding the Markovian meta research program
Their experiments activated his dormant meta gene, giving him superhuman strength, slowing the aging process, and the power to push his will on to others
What happens if Gravedigger can have any meta power he wants?
So, when I became a meta the name Gravedigger fit because of my history, and because I just don't figuratively bury my enemies,
We must assume that Gravedigger is injecting himself with whatever remains of the meta formula you left in Markovia
Gravedigger's absorption of meta powers is limited to one power at a time, lasting approximately two to four weeks per injection
Your model doesn't account for the fact that Gravedigger is the original meta
His genome is different from other metas
The adjusted projection suggests that Gravedigger would be able to absorb and use all of the meta formula he can inject himself with at the same time, indefinitely and without overloading
His first objective, liberate the metas that he feels are being unjustly held here in Freeland
His second objective is to reacquire Lynn and Dr Jace, if possible, so that they can recreate the serum for the sick metas in Markovia
Gravedigger is coming to Freeland to take every meta back to Markovia
He plans on killing anyone who gets in his way and any meta who doesn't want to go
You see, General Mosin wanted to create a meta army, but that's not what I want
And then Jennifer and the younger metas will exploit those weaknesses
The government, the ASA, we have done terrible things to metas
I'm the strongest meta
It doesn't make sense to keep your most powerful meta
Just because you're a meta don't mean you can't get got
'Cause these boys raring to blow they meta heads clean off
Gravedigger is potentially the most powerful meta on the planet
He has the serum, which means he has access to every meta power
I came here to liberate all the metas in Freeland
You're here to kidnap metas, whether they want to go with you or not, and I'm not gonna let that happen
I left the formula for the metaboost serum in Markovia
What happens if Gravedigger can have any meta power he wants?
Why am I a stable meta like you?
While the elite Markovian Rangers recon the city to locate Freeland's metas
I have been empowered by the nation of Markovia to establish an independent metahuman state inside their borders
A place where metahumans can be free
Metas are with you, or else
Your mom will be just fine, as long as you take me to where they're keeping the Markovian metas
Her energy signature's vanished but I picked up an energy signature similar to ASA's meta collars
Because you're a meta
I'm not a damn meta
That's where they're hiding my metas
Arm the meta weapons
I am pleased to report that every metahuman in Freeland has been stabilized
From trialanderror surgeries on women in bondage, to giving men syphilis at Tuskegee, and now to decades of illegal human experimentation to create metahumans
Now, what you're looking at is the master control for the ASA's operation on metahumans
[metal clanging]
Full Metal
Let's grind it out there, Full Metal
I said punk, not metal
Punk and heavy metal
Two men out on a moose hunt reported a metallic, oval ufo
It's got a green light and sort of metallic
Is the sound of clashing metal
Zoom in
Hey, can you zoom in a little?
Directional mics, binoculars, longzoom cameras
A metaphor for how things are progressing with the Emperor
I'm just saying we're not exactly on lockdown here
I got a pin in my hip, 15 screws in my leg, and a metal knee
Here we go So, theoretically, I could start in September 2022
September 2022?
Igor Are you aware he had a coronary?
A coronary
Zooming in on a license plate
Or when exposed to heavy metals
The heavy metal in her blood is thallium
Optimus collects metadata on citizens whether they like it or not
Tritium is a gas that can be safely stored as a metal hydride
You know, I was trying to get them to, like, zoom in, telescope, get a closeup
Let's put it in lockdown
Lockdown initiated
He teaches metal shop at a vocational college in Woodland Hills
Tan, zoom in on this guy
I've already requested for a senior officer to come down from Coronado and speak with us as soon as possible, but I doubt it originated on our end
No, Måns is a metaphor for our collective guilt over Nazism
We could download TikTok on your cell phone
Harold Dahl escaped the rain of metal unharmed, but he claimed that the most frightening aspect of the incident occurred the next day when he was paid an unexpected visit by a strange man
‐a piece of metal from a UFO?
Head of Research of MX23 Project, have approved human tests of the vaccine, deliberately skipping preliminary tests and running animal tests
Since I'm fully responsible for the failure of the vaccine MX23 and death of my associate, Dr Maxim Zotoff, allowing him to volunteer to run a human test on himself, despite the absence of preliminary testing,
Our soldiers in Africa will very soon depend on your vaccine
Brick hits metal just right, and
I have a fast metabolism
Does anyone else think that name sounds like a 90's heavy metal band?
Do you think this is a metaphor, or do you think it's literal?
Brock, Metal, set security, first deck
You think I'm pretty now, Metal, you should've seen me back when we took out AlHazred
Metal, make it happen
Yeah FULL METAL:
They had advanced technologies for working with crystal, and with metal
And the way it works is the little metal filings, which are very microscopic, they would all align in a certain pattern, kind of like the grooves on a record player
These civilizations had advanced technologies for working with stone and metal and, in some cases, crystals
Then we slowly zoom in on his sideburns
Unfortunately, the metadata was stripped, and the video was routed through a proxy server in Cyprus
It might be in the metadata
The rec center already has metal detectors in place
Yeah, they're all bunched up at the metal detectors it's gonna take another 15 minutes before they're all in
Healed metatarsal break in her right foot
That song was a metaphor for the frustrations people have with the system
She's the meta behind all of this, and and now she's escaped into our world
Ooh, ouch You lost your metamojo
The satellites just picked up a massive energy surge in the MetaWing
Once he was placed in a metadampening cell,
The reason you've beat Zoom, Godspeed, Thawne?
It's made in Ukraine
Unidentified submerged objects have been reported by thousands of witnesses in the triangle, with most describing glowing or metallic objects that are circular or oblong in shape Narrator:
March 2000, the greek cargo ship leader I is passing near bermuda when it is struck by an unidentified object later described by crew members as metallic in appearance
You know, in pandemic times, people want to believe, especially in love
This place shut down 'cause of the pandemic
They do heavy metal covers of prescription drug side effects
I'd pick your cool metal sculpture thing over any of the stuff we saw tonight
But I think there's more going on there than just a lockdown
That I wanted this crazy drill, and the cameras, and the metal detectors
Winston said you guys bonded during the lockdown yesterday
I talked about how building robots is is a metaphor for overcoming setbacks
Your essay about robotics is a beautiful use of metaphor
This is April's third straight week in the COVID ward
COVID test was negative You're good to go
Well, she's in here So it can't be COVID
Yeah, there's already a name for that They're calling it Zoom fatigue
Doesn't happen with COVID But you're still not getting enough oxygen
20yearold male, COVID negative, gunshot wound to the upper right thigh,
COVID or no COVID, some things never change
Yeah, uh, sure There's stress because of the pandemic But everybody's feeling that
Yeah, you know, this COVID thing ain't no joke
She hasn't gone to the gym since the pandemic, and she stopped her paleo diet a few weeks ago
And with COVID, the danger is even greater
You brought COVID here It's your fault
I have to worry about my daughter's leukemia, the pandemic
Dad, of course I feel bad I gave you COVID
Sorry, COVID I'll meet them there
Between that and COVID, they got a lot on their plate
SEE IF IT'S SOMETHING METAL
No cop, no dog, no lockdown
But the station is still on lockdown
We're lucky it's not airborne like the coronavirus
So now, as we'll see when we zoom out, we'll find that Teotihuacán is aligned to other sites, uh, nearby
Metadata from Murphy's cell shows it was pinging off this tower hours before he ended up in the dumpster
That was both literally true and a metaphor
Let's change cash at the firm into metals
Cancer that metastasizes and grows and can't be stopped
Can't believe I have to ask this during a pandemic, but would you just get out of the hot tub and put on a shirt?
Releasing a disease in the game right before a global pandemic was not a great look
What if instead of stripping Blood Ocean out of the game, I build a vaccine?
Fuck you, coronavirus
It was filmed by metal detectorist, Keith Lindsey
So being my hobby is metal detecting,
I started metal detecting
An apt metaphor, I suppose
‭He said something about statins and how grapefruit affects the metabolic this or that,
They have something in a pretty funky looking metal case
Is it possible that Lemuria, described by the Native Hawaiians as a place of high technology, was an island made not of earth and rock, but of metal?
Not only is iridium one of the rarest metals on Earth, it's also one of the most corrosion resistant
This is Candida auris, not coronavirus
And my trumpet metaphor was a pretty clever one
I do see a 3cmmetastatic tumor in the parietal lobe
My high school friend's surgery for her metastatic tumor is tomorrow
There's another, but there's a liver metastasis conference for a breast cancer patient
It's so hard to set Kocher's point when you can't see the coronal suture
Can you see the coronal suture?
If the cancer has metastasized, we may have to change our course of treatment
Hey, did you just turn me into Demetan Croaker?
No metastasis found in your chest, brain, and bones
So we must slow down the patient's metabolic rate
We lower the temperature to help the organs' metabolic rates go down, so the patient uses less energy
So I googled the shape of the bridge, and the first thing that shows up is the Coronado Bridge in San Diego
The Coronado Bay Bridge in San Diego is one of the big things that we try to protect, along with all of the Navy assets
The International Data Corporation publishes a report which estimates that, by the year 2022, over $270 billion will be spent annually on a new form of prophecy
Is there some kind of metaphysical power?
Rick Lagina and metal detection expert Gary Drayton make a shocking discovery
Shortly after performing the ancient practice known as dowsing, which entails using metal rods to detect underground voids, treasure hunter Dan Henskee is suddenly overcome with a strange and disturbing sensation
Your wife tells me you sufferfrom neurotoxicity, but your toxic metals panellooks pretty good
Zoomazooming up the leaderboard like a choochoo!
[metal squeaks] [Boss Baby] Oh, come on
[babbles] [Boss] Uh, metaphor We're wiping out Dr Kevin's egregious buffoonery
We'll do the blood cultures, vitamin levels, check the thyroid function, and we'll check the urine for heavy metals
Lisfranc injury with, uh, fractured first and second metatarsals
Inspect the peritoneum and the surface of the liver for metastasis
We removed the primary tumor and the spinal metastasis, so he'll need some radiation of the brain and the spinal cord, but as of now, Guthrie is on the road to recovery
He was being treated for coronary artery disease, and he's in the early stages of dementia
I was able to find two piecesof metal embedded in the skin beneath Joe's burns
Zoom in
It's a lockdown No one's getting out of here, not even her
I'm sure some of them got out before lockdown
instead of that metal coffin?
According to the computer's metadata analysis of probabilities,
He dug into the metadata found in the JPEG image, tracked it back to the cell phone from where it was hacked
We did a heavy metals test
The coronavirus doesn't cause sore throats
She definitely has corona?
That's COVID I don't need a test, which is good because we don't have any
You have COVID
This can wait till after the pandemic
Every night after 12 hours with COVID patients, to hang out with you and Kellan
Hmm Admit him to the COVID Floor
Even trade 200 surplus vials for your COVID test kits
Is that from COVID?
Bruno's is not a Petri dish of COVID
It's not a party, it's a pandemic I don't have time for theme dinners and elaborate menus and sourdough starter
It is COVID's complications are not at all consistent
Because of COVID, I have to wear two masks, and the elastics cut into the skin behind my ears
Mmhmm But what if I have COVID?
My roommate is deeply into pandemic baking
I don't want to catch COVIDHave a seat
NonCOVID floor, NPO, IV acetaminophen for pain while he waits on his abdominal CT
The majority of COVID patients who go on a ventilator never come off
65 pounds, 19 inches, completely COVIDfree
It's not diverticulitis It's COVID
That was just a metaphor
From spraying on a metal to Give me this fucking gun,
They worst offender is Napster Metallica filed a
Some metal rinkydink buildings, and now it's like the biggest fucking most apartments, fuck it, whatever you could get in there
And TikTok
Listen, there is a metal burr under the left armrest of the captain's chair
We have the creature on lockdown
You got a bit more metal in you than you had before and no doubt a couple of new nightmares to add to the pile, but you're alive
It was a clearly visible, clearly defined metallic object, a disc hovering there, outlined against the sky
Our lives were put on hold because of the coronavirus
[SCREAMING METAL PLAYS]
It's imitation Diamondesque, but the ring part is real metal
[CLINK] Uh, that's a metal sound
And as you're all aware, we're currently in the midst of a global pandemic
The zoo is shut down, obviously, right now, because of the pandemic?
They don't care about the COVID
Now, I'm sure when this pandemic lifts, there's gonna be a movie of you guys
I'm actually not divorced yet 'cause of COVID, that all got put off
And I'll see you at the end of the next documentary series that becomes a surprise sensation during a global pandemic
Each creature is flanked by a metallic object, a wheel within a wheel, that Ezekiel observes as it descends, making a tremendous amount of noise
Jypi, zoom in a bit, please
You can zoom out now
When in doubt, zoom out
If you're fearful of something, you just need to zoom away from it, so you can see the larger context, and go, Okay, that's not a big deal
Let's check in with Emily and her friends now that they have willingly agreed to have their brains dissected, metaphorically, by the deranged psycho of psychedelics
Better join me in my metaphor corner
No, you're not really represented in this metaphor
You're not in the metaphor!
Can you zoom into the door lock?
# Plastic forks and metal spoons Noone's quite sure why
That's like one Corona
I realize now that that was a bad metaphor because the woman actually crashed her car
I'm just trying to explain what a metaphor is
I'd need something metal and some way to heat it
[in Portuguese] A lot of that is fantasy when it comes to the coronavirus
[in English] Nobody knew there'd be a pandemic or an epidemic of this proportion
In fact, in the spring of 2019, months before the first case of COVID19, we interviewed several of them for this show
Well, if you think of anything that could come along that would kill millions of people, the pandemic is our greatest risk
In terms of the death toll, a pandemic would rival even the gigantic wars of the past
We know some pretty lethal ones, but we expect that there are others out there that are more lethal, that are better at being transmitted, where we've got no drugs and no vaccines
[narrator] That's what happened with SARS in 2002, which was a new coronavirus that spread around the world, killing hundreds
And it happened again with MERS in 2012, which was also a new coronavirus that killed hundreds
Could it be a coronavirus again?
[indistinct talking] [patient coughing] [narrator] So, of all the viruses out there, why did this one end up becoming the kind of pandemic we haven't seen in more than a century?
And how does a pandemic like this end?
COVID19 is a pandemic
COVID19 is the name of the disease it causes, which stands for Coronavirus disease 2019
Corona, as in crown
[narrator] Going about their life, a person with this coronavirus likely infects a couple other people, and each of those people infects a couple more, and so on, and so on, which is why the number of cases increases on an exponential curve,
Now, this coronavirus is just the youngest in a whole family of seven coronaviruses known to infect humans
Just like this coronavirus,
And since it was a new zoonotic virus, there were no treatments and no vaccine
But SARS was a lot less dangerous than this coronavirus
[narrator] They've found a lot so far, including hundreds of coronaviruses
bat coronavirus RaTG13,
When scientists sequenced the genome of the virus behind COVID19, they found that 96% of it was identical to that bat virus
Experts aren't certain, but they believe the 1918 flu pandemic could have started when a bird with the flu and a human with the flu met the same pig
[narrator] For a disease to become a pandemic, spreading around the world in months, leading to potentially millions of deaths, it has to find an extraordinary balance of contagiousness and deadliness
One of the unexpected things about viruses is that sometimes, a virus that has really obvious symptoms, that kills people at a very high rate, doesn't become a pandemic
But that doesn't mean we're doomed to repeat history We can end pandemics
[narrator] But with COVID19, if the world just waited to achieve herd immunity naturally, millions would die, and other coronaviruses don't even give lifelong immunity
Which makes it even more crucial that we create a vaccine
The first vaccine was created to fight smallpox
And in 1980, after a massive global vaccination campaign, smallpox was the first virus ever declared eradicated from the world
But vaccines are also really hard to develop
So countries really have to go on a hardcore national lockdown to really suppress that curve, and then we have to, at some point, gradually and carefully come out of that lockdown
As of early April, they've managed to rein in their outbreak without a lockdown by testing widely and retracing the steps of people who came back positive
In a pandemic like this, until you have a vaccine, you have limited options, because the virus had a head start
[Gates] We could be far more ready for a pandemic like a flu or a SARS
[narrator] The World Health Organization is meant to lead the global response to a pandemic like this
When a pandemic comes along of any size, we always look back and wish we'd invested more
There is a very real threat of a rapidly moving, highly lethal pandemic of a respiratory pathogen
That was three months before the first case of COVID19
Three weeks before China began any containment measures against COVID19 a 33yearold doctor at Wuhan Central Hospital,
Dr Li Wenliang had likely already contracted COVID19 because he died of it a week later
And then cases started to rise inpoorercountries where lockdowns are harder, and healthcare systems, already fragile
[narrator] The truth is, human behavior all over the world has made pandemics like this one inevitable
Well, we know from COVID19 that what happens over there can very easily get here
Because once a virus becomes a pandemic, all of human ingenuity will be brought to bear to bring them down
Scientists around the world are committing entire labs to creating a vaccine
The the fastest vaccine ever created, um, in history
Um, I did a brain surgery on her for metastasis to the brain, which she's doing terrific from
And so in a patient who's had a history of cancer, we worry about metastasis
[metal clangs]
Zoom in
But the metal needle survived
Request for backup Lockdown Zhen Xin Hospital
He once told me a metaphor
It's a part of the lockdown
And you got the right to go to court, but the prison's on lockdown for at least a week
I know Hunt has the prison on lockdown, but when that's over, if Dawkins' crew spreads that you're the rat, you're not gonna have any friends in there
Now, this whole place is on lockdown
It's a shame Mr Hunt had to go ahead and end the lockdown before your transfer order was processed
It's a metaphor, Butch
Can we zoom in? See if we can find something
My mom stayed home and sewed COVID masks for nurses
Sounds like a metal staircase
Koskimäki didn't use rings He had a metal allergy
Agreed Tell me again why we can't just wait until after lockdown
'Cause we don't know when after lockdown's gonna be
How does one even date during a pandemic?
Mr Nelligan, the COVID tests are in short supply right now, so we have to limit them to people with symptoms
Hughes, I'm sorry, but we aren't taking any nonCOVID emergencies
High school sucks enough without a pandemic to take away all the parts that don't suck
Miller kicked me out, and then two days later, a pandemic hit
On site is a metal workshop, sculpting materials, and a nursery filled with every plant imaginable to bring the sculptures alive
The judges would like you to rummage around in this horrific pile of metal, and then create something like this tremendous colossal giant bee
[Vic] The metal pile contains basic bug body parts
I've never done anything like this before with metalwork or anything
The only downfall is they're going to have the wings remain metal
[Kristen] I was so worried about all that exposed metal
[Natasia] Rachel and Delilah's armor will have a metal breastplate dotted with delphiniums
[Vic] Sarah and Jordan are hoping to cover their burlesquestyle bodice with delicate petals, and featherlike foliage that will fill a huge metal skirt and pluming headpiece
So, I was wondering if you could actually make this out of metal
I think we were very ambitious with our design, only utilizing metal materials
There is some exquisite work within that metal piece,
[Vic] Helen and Andi are hoping to kaboom five colored firework explosions using chicken wire balls and metal rods to include dry, delicate whites, vibrant reds, and textured yellow flowers
They've got all that metal to cover
[cheering] [metal clangs]
We're just trying to figure out, how we can construct it and get it to stand on the metal pole that we have
We need to remove the metalwork, and we'll stick him on his tummy
[Natasia] In justÂ 15 hours, the teams have turned a metal pole into five gigantic sea creatures,
If they want to win this, they've gotta put the pedal to the metal
[Ralph] There's a bit of metal showing there
All personal effects, including your hand terminal and any item of clothing with more than seven grams of metal in it, must be surrendered
Lockdown
We're in lockdown Inmates remain in place until we hear from upstairs
There are new devices, new vaccine approaches new ways to bypass the bloodbrain barrier
We are running our COVID‐19 technology response on Teams
We are running our COVID‐19 technology response on Teams
They're like metal
No way! Zoom bomb!
It's not like I invented Coronavirus so that I have an excuse to not come visit you, Mom
Lockdown
Oh, well, they're turning the cafeteria into a dorm for any supplementals that wanna stay during lockdown
Please tell me you didn't just pitch a threesome during this fight about our relationship, during a global pandemic
What? Why don't we just fuck a giant, like, Coronavirus molecule instead?
Coronavirus isn't a molecule It's a cell
What happened to Eiffel Tower and COVID?
I let you in, and we both die of the COVID?
It is a goddamn global pandemic, Neil
That much bacon will get us before the COVID does
We should go sometime Uh, when COVID's over
Out here rioting in the streets during a damn pandemic
Destroying people's property who was struggling to survive during this pandemic
If he does fire me, where am I gonnaÂ find another job right now with COVID?
Now zoom in
Long before chef cook could cook, he was a punk rock New Orleans native who went full metal as a combat vet in the us marines
The final touch is the metal barbed tip, the only part of the arrow not sourced from the jungle
Okay, capitan, let's go Zoom, zoom!
I look like I'm attempting the most awkward tiktok dance ever
Thought you might want to know that Cyrus Hunt ended the lockdown early to put your favorite prisoner at risk
He's ended the lockdown so that Wallace would be intimidated
And here, you see all the prisoners coming in from the lockdown, let in by Cyrus Hunt to coerce Wallace into taking a deal
And you asked Cyrus Hunt to end the lockdown I mandated after the riot in order to intimidate Wallace, after the man had asked for protective custody and a prison transfer
Since I'm unashamed, hey, Netflix camera, zoom in on my face
We vaccinate 'cause we understand words and shit
I went and strapped my twoyearold back into the car, you know, his little vaccinated arse back into the car seat
Experts are reporting COVID23 has mutated Today, Los Angeles opened its first quarantine zone
Lockdown is in full effect
A spokesperson from the Department of Sanitation issued a response to the outbreak warning that the department was currently completely overwhelmed by the caseload and reminding citizens that COVID is airborne
And the whole time they're out there, they're getting coated in COVID
I was on lockdown long before it was fashionable
Wow You're a pro at lockdowns
Who's asking? Lockdown is still in effect
Breaking the lockdown?
Lockdown is mandatory Noncompliance will be met with severe
Lockdown is still in effect
If you believe your neighbor is defying mandatory lockdown, give us a call
Yeah, well, Darren had him a metal band back in the
While we can't provide a timetable for your arrival on the Moon, we are proud to announce you have been awarded NASA's highest uniform classification:
Sakura's body was placed in a metal drum
So this handle is silver, this is dark metal
I can't believe they put a metal plate on your taint
He'll have like a big metal frame, and we tape it to there and kinda let the bone heal on its own
Today we'll have Dr Brenda process my calves, which means they will get vaccinated
They're just getting vaccinated, so they've got some protection against respiratory disease and some of the clostridial diseases
Well, I never liked linguistic metaphors
Elon Musk works 80 hours per week
Your Google search history, who you follow on Instagram, what you like on TikTok
Enough with the metaphors No one talks like that
But that door handle, that metal door handle, had been removed from the car and was still in police custody
Also, turns from metallic are in fashion
Heaven and Hell, these are just metaphorical constructs which represent hungry and not hungry
Yes, it's obvious that my metabolism is slowing down
Medical equipment, labs, vaccines, drugs
We also want the vaccines, the drugs, and the equipment you have here
I'm gathering scrap metal
Gathering scrap metal
The fridge is made of metal!
LIFE BEFORE THE OFFSHORE ARU / VACCINES / FAMILY
Using exams as a life metaphor It's quite like you
I've gotten the feel of the metal, turn it down
The lamb skewers are pregrilled for a short time and dipped in hot oil in a special metal can
Metal on the west
Metal elements
Bing Fire bad for Geng Metal
So I think we should boost her rabies vaccination just as protection because she's had exposure
So we revaccinate And then we kinda watch her for 45 days
Yeah, it's hardwares Hardware is where the cow eats some piece of metal, a nail, wire, and then that falls into that first stomach, the reticulum
(moo) The cow ingests some metal fragments, they can get an abscess that presses on the vagus nerve, which is responsible for basically the cow being able to burp DR LISA:
This one is behind on vaccinations, and I have a stinking suspicion that the other one, because that's about the time, brought home, you know, like, that virus, and he is having a little problem with that
Brian had this new cat in the house and the biggest problem is that Charlie is not up to date on vaccinations
What I'm gonna do, I'm gonna give him a vaccination
His temperature is normal, so for me, the main thing is to make sure that he is up to date on his vaccinations, and get him used to the new kitten, and see if the vomiting will stop
Then you better put the pedal to the metal, mister Let's ride
If this was a European movie, the camera would slowly zoom into your face
If this was an American movie, it would zoom into my eyes and make a transition to another scene
It was mostly metal
[narrator] Out of that metalinduced mania came the foundation for something truly groundbreaking:
I found you by modding this metal detector to scan for plixel energy
Huh? [automated voice] Glitch containment breached Emergency lockdown initiated
[Zahra] Make it metal!
[heavy metal music playing] [repeating] Glitch Glitch
[wicked heavy metal playing] [exclaiming]
Everything else is straightforward, so why use a metaphor?
Big news out of Tottenham in the last hour, their defender, Toby Alderweireld, has signed a new deal to 2023
One person entering here with Coronavirus would probably have the building shut down very quickly
We have now the Coronavirus situation
It's just a risk for Coronavirus, yeah
To be honest, um, Coronavirus isn't the only thing that you can catch, say in the morning you shake 40 hands, how many of those people have been to the toilet and not washed their hands?
Five people in the UK have now died after testing positive for Coronavirus with 319 cases confirmed
We have a very significant disease, an epidemic that has the potential to be a pandemic
The Board are also reviewing the recent Coronavirus outbreak and how it might impact the rest of the season
Many games across Europe, including some of the Champions League, are being played behind closed doors this week due to the Coronavirus outbreak
A statement from Arsenal has recently been released saying that their manager Mikel Arteta has tested positive for Coronavirus
I guess it's probably just worth talking a bit about Coronavirus 'cause obviously it's becoming absolutely massive thing, um, and I know a lot of things kind of sound quite Doomesdayish, but actually it's likely that in the next week or two
Obviously, we're here today to talk a bit about Coronavirus
Um, one person entering here with Coronavirus would probably have the building shut down very quickly
Coronavirus has led to the cancellation of all British elite football until April the 3rd
It's, um, no matter which country you're from, you'll be in a state of lockdown more than likely
What does the country going on lockdown mean?
Our top news story today, schools across the UK will shut tomorrow as the government introduces new measures to limit the spread of Coronavirus
While the country braces itself for lockdown, the club must prepare for the unknown
The one thing that's in nobody's grasp at the moment is the timetable
After two months of lockdown, each player is having a full medical assessment so the staff can understand their physical condition
Then we got our zoom session
So, before lockdown, it was pretty well documented that the team are struggling and there were lots of injuries
The reality is that we are now in a better position in relation to our options, in this moment we have players available and for myself, it is easier to choose my team to play than it was before the lockdown
The club have decided to move the team into the larger NFL changing rooms, so COVID protocols can be followed
Spurs, prior to the lockdown, hadn't won in six games in all competitions
Along with the lockdown, Pochettino's departure and Mourinho's arrival,
[Ara gasps] [metal clanking]
Best way is to vaccinate these, and put them back on milk replacer, and feed them at least three times a day
I'd really like to vaccinate her for rabies at least
They had a baby that decided it was gonna go over some metal bars
Tetanus vaccination, we'll give that to him tonight
Then vaccinate them so they are ready to go
TikTok
The speculum is a very heavy metal thing
Okay, rabies, distemper Puppies need to be vaccinated
If you're not vaccinated, they don't have immunity, then you cannot have them mingle with other dogs
I hope that the vaccine now will keep the puppy healthy for Rick and Cynthia CYNTHIA:
I'm coming into the clinic because we got five Shih Tzu puppies for their first vaccination, so they can be on the road to new homes
Alright DR POL: So it's very, very important that they vaccinate
It's right here in the metatarsal
The whole city is on lockdown
550,000 in the metal and electrics industries
A metaphor?
I can't zoom in
Get vaccinated against cervical cancer
Hey, this vaccine isn't only for women
It's just a vaccine I said, it's not just for women
REMEMBER TO GET VACCINATED FOR CERVICAL CANCER
Just checking what you're sending to your buddy in Ukraine
Worse now with the pandemic
About the only good thing to come out of this pandemic
It's more we're just trying to get him to metabolize it away with the fluids
I got him a metal bowl on the way home
In Seattle, the day of reckoning was January 20th, when America's first patient tested positive for COVID19
In the first three months of the pandemic, 30 million people lost their jobs No more tyranny
Now the Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus
Who's scared of coronavirus?
I have the right to buy food without being forced to participate in a false flag pandemic
Filming during the time of COVID presented unique challenges Okay, and I hold it
And when did you first hear about the coronavirus?
In early 2020, Trump was indifferent to the looming pandemic
BARDA's role is to lead the development between government and industry of vaccines, drugs, and diagnostic tests
But anyone who'd worked in preparing for pandemic outbreaks knew that we were dealing with something very unusual, very concerning, and very deadly
She's worldfamous for the way her mathematical modeling can predict the likely spread of disease and assess the risk of a pandemic
If there are travelers coming back to the US or Europe for celebration of new year, that would be truly a vector to really transmit the disease all over the world, so I do feel that we are marching to a pandemic
Nancy Messonnier was in charge of public messaging for COVID at the Centers for Disease Control, or CDC
An experienced public health official and expert in vaccines, she had played a leading role in the CDC's response to the anthrax attacks in 2001
Every moment counts to be able to recognize where the virus is and to learn as much as we can about it so we can make lifesaving vaccines and drugs and diagnostic tests
We've updated playbooks through the various years, and we actually used those playbooks to exercise what we would do in an emerging, viral pandemic the fall before this virus emerged
It simulated a pandemic with eerie similarities to the coronavirus that was to come
played like a preview of coming attractions for the failures of the COVID response
As ASPR, he downplayed the danger of pandemics, cut spending on emerging infectious diseases, and his office eliminated a program to manufacture N95 masks
With COVID, Azar sensed that the government might have to play some limited role
Are there worries about a pandemic at this point?
The delusion was that the first COVID patient was the only one
My assignment, remember in BARDA, is to make sure that we start making drugs, vaccines, and those tests as quickly as possible
I raised the need to get started immediately on commercial test development drugs and vaccines, and the need for money to do it
MERS was a coronavirus that terrified South Korea, killing 38 people and sickening hundreds more
Redfield's attempts to push an unproven HIV vaccine were twice investigated for scientific misconduct
I think in January, the cat was already out of the bag in terms of we had cases in the US, we had humantohuman transmission going on in the US, and we were going to be dealing with COVID19
The Red Dawn emails would be full of warnings and recommendations from experts in pandemic response
With no vaccine and few treatment options, simple but effective precautionary measures like masks were all people had
In 2003, a deadly SARS coronavirus spread from bats to humans was quickly contained
After the Ebola crisis passed, the Obama National Security Council had essentially created a unit within the National Security Council dedicated to sort of pandemic response
Beth Cameron and her team at the NSC drafted a 69page playbook on how to deal with a pandemic
Some have erroneously suggested that the Trump Administration threw out the pandemic response playbook left by the ObamaBiden Administration
What the critics failed to note, however, is that this thin packet of paper was replaced by two detailed, robust, pandemic response reports commissioned by the Trump Administration
had docked his vessel in Yokohama after learning a passenger had tested positive for COVID19
My boss was like, You should cover the coronavirus
So the CDC made a test that worked in their lab before the first case of COVID landed in the state of Washington on January 20
They are called the N1, N2, and N3 assay, and the N1 and N2 assay, together, look specifically for the COVID19 coronavirus
And then they had a 3rd component, the N3 assay, which was designed to look for any coronavirus
I'm the director of the COVID ICU
By midFebruary, pandemic models indicate that there were thousands of cases spreading through Seattle, Chicago, San Francisco, and New York
As of this morning, we still have only 14 cases of the China coronavirus detected here in the United States
Stocks fall sharply as fears spread that growing coronavirus will slow the global economy
At that stage, the only labs across the country that could legally test for COVID were a few public health laboratories and the CDC itself
Early on, our testing was limited to people who had traveled from China, or they had had contact with someone who was known tested positive for COVID19
Eight of those turned out to be positive for COVID
Now the Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus
Coronavirus
And so far, we have lost nobody to coronavirus in the United States
Seattle and King County is announcing three new presumptive positive cases of novel coronavirus, COVID19, including one person who died
With this coronavirus, COVID19?
We're dealing with clearly an emerging infectious disease that has now reached outbreak proportions and likely pandemic proportions
I want to commend the efforts of our Coast Guard that heroically flew coronavirus tests to the ship
21 tested positive for the coronavirus
and we want to ensure that the American people can continue as we deal with the coronavirus to enjoy the opportunities in the cruise line industry and be confident
Will you admit that there is a serious problem in this country obtaining access to testing for coronavirus?
Returning Americans flooded US airports, where they were jammed in makeshift COVID checkpoints
The Governor confirming that coronavirus has arrived here in Manhattan
The coronavirus spreads tonight as Governor Cuomo announces five more positive cases in New York
And 613 confirmed cases of coronavirus in New York
We had seen the pandemic was really taking off in New York City
I remember one day, I was rounding in our COVID ICU, and our unit is structured kind of like a V, so there's one wing here, another wing over there
And now I have family members who are contracting COVID
And Italy had just gone on lockdown, and the swabs company was in a nofly zone, so the US supply is basically going grinding to a halt
It put the US mask supply in the hands of foreign control and could be subject to diversion during a pandemic
In February, the Trump Administration actually created the ChinaCOVID Procurement Service to encourage American producers like 3M to sell their entire inventories of N95 masks to China
and help with the pandemic response
Profitmaking was also part of the pandemic pricing plan at Gilead, which manufactured the one drug, Remdesivir, that was effective at treating COVID
In the course of three years, there was a systematic dismantling of what expertise had been built and what framework had been built to respond to the very kind of global pandemic that we're dealing with
Elon Musk started the ball rolling with a tweet
There was no data to support that they had any benefit against the coronavirus
Dr Vladimir Zelenko became a rightwing folk hero and the Trump team promoted him as an essential expert on the use of hydroxychloroquine as a magical remedy for COVID
But there was no reputable clinical trial that confirmed Zelenko's claims that early use of his cocktail could cure COVID
The next day, if you admit a patient with COVID19, some of them are gonna ask,
The same FDA that dragged its feet for weeks at approving vital COVID tests suddenly worked at lightning speed to greenlight use of a drug with no proven effect on the disease, just because the White House wanted it done
The window is closing to address this pandemic
$23 trillion in coronavirus relief
I made a lot of predictions that came true about this pandemic, but masks being politicized it's just amazing to me
We're moving aggressively to accelerate developing a vaccine
To actually get a vaccine that you know works is gonna be a year to a year and a half
Stakes are so high around vaccines
Because we need a vaccine if we want to begin to end this pandemic
My last question to you is, what is your personal takeaway from this pandemic?
Um 53,000 deaths from coronavirus
Eight months after the pandemic began, we got the answer
On February 7th, two weeks before anyone in America had died from the disease, journalist Bob Woodward asked Donald Trump if he knew how contagious and dangerous COVID might be
We will see more pandemics and other existential threats
They need a health check and a round of vaccines before they can safely join him on therapy visits
Where are they going and what kind of vaccines do we need to do?
RONICA: Probably vaccinate them for everything
NARRATOR: Just routine vaccines today
They've had their vaccinations, get you headed for home
I'm sorry, but Mr Masrani has accelerated the timetable for our newest exhibit yet again
Do you want to get out of prison before the year 2023?
Ukraine is where they get their weapons
As of today, we have 15 cases of coronavirus that have been detected in the United States with only one new case detected in the last two weeks
Well, don't know for sure Till this COVID19 thing passes
Even though the hoax virus lockdown was stopping me from finding Tutar,
I will be reporting live from the state's biggest antilockdown protest
Can we go out of lockdown and find her?
And thethe coronavirus just happened to come along and Excuse me
Kazakhstan now center of COVIDsafe fashion
And he's got a vaccine!
I don't mean to break up whatever you're doing in an empty metal tub that doesn't at all make me feel bad for you, but I got to get going
We need this wing for Covid
Rapid tested negative for COVID in route GCS 14
We've established a baseline echo, we have her on continuous monitoring, and because of COVID, we're paying extra close attention
COVID comes on so fast, we can't get ahead of it
I know your heart's in this COVID battle, but you can't go it alone
Well, her court date keeps getting pushed because of COVID
April, she's testing positive for COVID as recently as this morning
We understand how much the pandemic must be clogging up the legal docket, so I'm sure her case is just an oversight, but in looking at House Bill 1464, it seems like Ms Barnes is a good candidate
Listen, I know the most politic answer I can give you is that I'll promise to look into it, but the reality is, we've got somewhere north of 1,000 cases waiting to clear because of this COVID bottleneck
Just tested positive for COVID upon arrival
Just came from the COVID wing
The following episode portrays our hope for the future, a future where no one will have to wear masks or take other steps to stay safe from COVID
What's with the right coronary?
An undiagnosed metabolic disorder could've caused an adverse reaction to the anesthesia
I found he also had heart damage from rheumatic fever and metabolic abnormality from iodine deficiency
We're worried about her heart and metabolic abnormalities
I get COVID tested three times a week at city hall
Metalwork
Would you stop with the metaphors and just speak clearly?
They told us to get rabies vaccine shots Is that why you're here, Lieutenant?
That was a figure of speech A metaphor
What is a metaphor?
A metaphor is a figure of speech that describes an object or action
Meta Don't you know what a metaphor is?
My language skills are pathetic I don't even know metaphors
I zoomed in and found that was the wrapping paper for White Rabbit candy
If they got the place on lockdown, they're watching everything
They were collaborating on making a nonreusable metal drinking straw for women identifying ciswomen
Was it the global pandemic shutting down all their favorite moisture stores?
Daddy has Zoom trivia with his buddies, and it's illegal for me to keep you in the car, so just sit back here with the iPad and be a good girl
You promised a wall and you made one out of strong metal cages with toddlers inside
Happy New Year, see you in 2021, boos
I haven't seen a strokeor a heart attack within a week, and I know that people are still having them, but they're just afraid to come in because of COVID, which means they're dying at home
You know, when COVID started, Itold Frankie, Now it's our turn to protect the doctors and nurses who helped you,
There's a worldwide pandemic!
I guess we need to get our hands on some COVID tests
The paralytic I gave you will stop you from shivering while the cold slows your heart, your brain, all metabolic functions
Welcome to COVID Everything sucks
I had a sore throat, so I got tested for COVID, and I'm negative
COVID tests have a high percentage of false negatives
That doesn't mean you don't have COVID I need to go to work
COVID targets so many organs
Martin never left the apartment, but he still caught COVID
I think I'm worried that she has COVID
Should I not talk to Lea until the pandemic is over?
That he got COVID from me
I'm having a longer Zoom session with him today
Plus, with COVID now, I don't even know if we'll be in the same studio
2021
Last year, doctors found that it had metastasized
When I learned that my cancer metastasized, I considered it
First, not stupid It's a pandemic
Did we just invent a new coronahug?
It is a littlewronghow happy you make me when I'm at work, in a hospital, in the middle of a pandemic
You made me homeless in the middle of a pandemic
The pandemic hadn't started yet, and the reason why I asked you to leave has has nothing to do with Sasha
Because of COVID protocols, her mom couldn't come in with her, so she died alone
And thenl think I got COVID19, but, you know, hey, if I get sick, I can goto the hospital and see my wife
A bird came zooming by, and the water went splash and the bird got gobbled up!
It''s a civics assignment, and you''re the only city councilman in his COVID pod
Sure would be nice to commemorate this special day with some tiny metal object that I could,
But we're still running the COVID special, so 10% off
Stay frosty, Christmas commandos That explosion woke up the metal heads
The metal heads have force fields!
Only two people in the loungeat a time Covid protocol
That's why I'm pleased to announce that GreySloan has been fortunate enough to secure enough Covid tests for the entire staff
Additionally, and effective immediately, residents will not be able to go into rooms with Covidpositive patients or those patients whose results are pending
Patient was admittedfor respiratory support four days ago, after a positive Covid test
Ma'am, despite what you may read or hear in the news, sunlight does not in fact kill Covid19
You really shouldn't say thatduring a pandemic
But it's not Covid
My therapy practice has boomed with the pandemic, so I finally could afford to make some improvements to my home office
Someone sent me an article about triple antiviral therapyfor Covid patients
Phase 2 trial of combinationantiviral therapy could speed recoveryin Covid patients
He's seen more Covid cases than any of us
Four kids in lockdown Thisplace is like a dream vacation
I don't get to see my Harriet as much as I used to 'cause I take more Covid shifts than my ex, so she's with her stepdad more than me, which, you know, he's a good guy,
You're doing death summariesduring a global pandemic, so yes
Uh, ththis patient doesn't have Covid I'm allowed to be on the case
Yeah, 17 new Covid cases, 19 deaths
Let's not forget that we'rein the middle of a pandemic
Especially in a pandemic So I'm not discharging her
I don't teach kidshow to walk through a pandemic
You tested positive for Covid19
She developed in a liverand was born in a pandemic
It's metastasized to his liver
Pretty cool to think that we diagnosed Billy with metastatic melanoma on Tuesday and send him home on a Thursday
If anything, we passed it by sharing that metal straw that Dad made us use
That kind of thinking is why you're in the classroom with the metal scissors now
Chuggachugga zoom!
We're metal and strong enough to get through ice and wind
You think your app can make Tamang into Elon Musk?
We've had to start doing our shows in here since lockdown
I'm allergic to monogamy, and I moved in with my girlfriend during a pandemic, and there's something wrong with me because she's perfect and I want to be with her
He was placed in a group foster home after his father died of COVIDin March
Loses his mom, then orphaned by COVID in the space of two years
Yeah, it was hard enough before COVID Now, it's a daily battle just to keep them from killing each other
These people, this pandemicit's just a minor inconvenience to them
He and Kyle both got screwed by the pandemic
Folger lost his job because of the pandemic
He's holed up in this shoebox during the pandemic with barely enough food to eat, and the last insult hits
Has he communicated with you since then? Or in Zoom class?
'Cause of the pandemic? Even before that
Covid ICU?
As I'm sure Hunt gleefully told you, I tested positive for Covid
As if the Covid outbreak right after my husband dumped me wasn't bad enough
I got fancy beer and a negative Covid test
Well, not when your mom is in the hospital with COVID
Dr Kuo at the Catherine Fox Medical Center in Manhattan is doing a trial with monoclonal antibodies for Covid
Because of the pandemic, remember?
There's a bad virus and no vaccine yet
Kim, let's get him to Trauma One and do a Covid test, stat
It's Dr Helm I'm here to do your Covid test
Did you know that I had Covid?
You can stop your What I did over Covid vacation report
No, I'm stopping the pandemic
Just a basic algorithm that simulates the spread of Covid
Or a vaccine?
I'm reading everything on Covid because every 24 hours there's something new
Taryn said the Netherlands suggested people find a designated sex partner for the pandemic
There's a worldwide pandemic
The Netherlands has recommended that its residents find a regular sex buddy during the pandemic
You know, I knew COVID patients had to suffer in isolation
You snooze, you lose Or some other cute metaphor like that
The cupcakes are a business metaphor
You can't take any more cupcake business metaphors!
[Jimbo] But you can do cupcake sandwich business metaphors!
Look at this thing It's teeming with financial metaphors
Metaphors, ja!
[spits] Great I had zero cupcake sandwich metaphors
Ohhh, it's a metaphor
Metaphor!
Had all these sports metaphors in the bullpen
Sports metaphor
Cooking metaphor
And also happens to be the name of a blisterraising infectious disease that ravaged every continent in the world until a vaccine was developed?
I assumed Gigi lived in some sort of bluecollar workers' commune where they bend sheet metal and shout propaganda into their banjos all day
Scorpions have a very slow metabolism
Scorpions have a very slow metabolism
That's why this is a perfect metaphor for the search for extraterrestrial intelligence
So, unleashing the heat and energy in charcoal allowed us to get temperatures hot enough to smelt metals to make tools and weapons
You can extract metal from the regolith
And he speaks in business metaphors, which nobody understands
Well, I'm glad you're all so enthused about chores because today is a COVID cleaning party
You think this is COVID?
So, she's headed to the COVID ward
Warren needs two COVID tests
COVID
Seems wrong to fasttrack during a pandemic
We're in a pandemic I don't need your germs in here
We might have COVID and we have to find a place to stay, and
Well, they watch her for the next 24 hours in the COVID ward, and, uh, well, you won't be able to visit her, except remotely
COVID?
I'm COVIDfree Hey, Ben!
COVIDfree!
You know, global pandemic
Not with COVID
Zoom, please
Okay, that is a metaphor for something, for sure
It is a metaphor, Papa!
And I didn't know there'd be a pandemic
Covid's not big on fair
because of Covid? No, but I have a feeling you're going to tell me
We have a Covid positive male, heart rate 123, BP 90/60
Could be Or encephalitis brought on by Covid
Let's get him to a Covid room now
But I've already had Covid
Even with lockdown, we're getting slammed
Covid spreads through those places like wildfire
It looks like Tom's having some neuro complications from Covid
And I don't want to leave Scout and I'm scared of the pandemic
Bailey's mother was just admitted, Covid positive
600 is severe in Covid
I think the seizure and delirium are secondary to hypoxemia and inflammation from Covid
I miss them like crazy but with both parents treating Covid patients, it just doesn't seem safe
But I don't want Covid to be the reason
I don't want her to be just another Black woman statistic in this pandemic count
I don't know how we're gonna get through this pandemic, but I do know, I do know that we're not gonna get through it alone
It's like that whether you have Covid or not
We are converting this cafeteria to Covid overflow tonight
I'm not exposing my kids to Covid the week they lost their grandma
Can I send Dr Helm upstairs to help out on the Covid floor?
Is he like a serial killer in a pandemic?
You'd think people would behave better in a pandemic Come on, follow me
Well, at least I have a pandemic to keep me occupied
I mean, kidnapping teenagers during a pandemic?
Even in a pandemic
If Covid were killing White people at the rate that it is killing Black people,
That's not easy even when we aren't in the middle of a pandemic
I mean Covid
Okay, bye Zoom!
Zoom!
The next available date for this venue is in 2022 and that's not enough time for those two
Covid Yeah
The global pandemic went to shit!
Uh, it's a global pandemic Think of the elderly
I push out my child, and he has the audacity to become a TikTok star
I put it in, and this woman, this highmetabolism bitch, just staring at me after you just ate a fucking pizza or some shit
A closer look at current events With Zoom In, I am Lee Ji Wook
A closer look at current events With Zoom In, I am Lee Ji Wook
There are 10 Celestial Stems The five elements, wood, fire, earth, metal, and water as well as blue, red, yellow, white, and black
For example, a child born on September 4, 2020 would be metal rat year, blue chicken month, metal dog day
A closer look at current events With Zoom In, I am Lee Ji Wook
Zoom in on this part, please
This Can you zoom in?
The pandemic? Yeah
With the pandemic firmly at the back of Western minds, the front of Western minds is free to focus on important matters like the Oscars, which traditionally celebrates Caucasian filmmakers
You said, uh the only real evidence was a transcript of Trump pressuring Ukraine
There's no such place as Ukraine
Because, of course, at the very moment that we were preoccupied with fighting each other, the coronavirus was steadily bearing down upon us
In a desperate bid for attention, the virus infects beloved Hollywood everyman and occasional CGI Cowboy, Tom Hanks, providing news networks with an irresistible celebrity angle to the otherwise boring deadly pandemic
With cases surging, Italy introduces a lockdown
The single most useful thing that we can all do to stop the spread of coronavirus is to wash our hands
I was at a hospital the other night where I think there were actually a few coronavirus patients, and I shook hands with everybody
It felt like the government wasn't taking the coronavirus seriously
In March, the President said the pandemic would simply go away
But the pandemic does the opposite of going away, as do the negative headlines
By the end of March, lockdowns have been rolled out right across the planet, making them the most successful global franchise since the Marvel cinematic universe
Well, the lockdown was absolutely transformative
Listen, I don't want to be Mr Mansplain, but I kind of saw this coming because I was following coronavirus back before you know, preWuhan days when it was still inside of bats
In the lockdown, I've had to reposition them to work on Zoom, you know
Tonight at ten, the Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been taken to intensive care as he suffers the effects of coronavirus
Well, someone from my PTA WhatsApp group shared a link to a documentary which proves that George Soros created the virus in a Chinese lab so that Bill Gates could make a vaccine out of microchips and control us all like we're in a videogame
As May draws to a close, for the first time in months, the coronavirus pandemic is knocked from the headlines of every news network by a different story altogether, one that also makes for grim viewing
But, you know, in some ways I prefer the coronavirus to the police
All the while, the pandemic is raging out of control and there is disagreement on how to respond
Others want to wait for a miracle cure, but any potential vaccine faces a lengthy uphill climb, a challenging maneuver for any liquid
Well, vaccines go through a lengthy approval process
With no cure for Covid in sight, life for millions has been reduced to a creepy new normal and a seemingly endless series of lockdowns
TikTokers said they intentionally sabotaged the event by registering en masse with no intention of showing up, and they spread the word via TikTok
Biden also hosts COVIDsafe drivein rallies, attended by handfuls of enthusiastic cars, in which he channels the vibrant energy of an old man yelling at traffic
Most of the president's inner circle was there, although the most significant attendee was the novel coronavirus, silently mingling among the guests, particularly the ones who didn't believe in it yet
But at highrisk from coronavirus
You said Ukraine didn't exist
The pandemic forces states to introduce widespread postal voting, dragging the US electoral system into the 19th century
Covidcautious Democrats were more likely to vote by post from the comfort of their liberal elitist homes, wearing a mask and swabbing the pencil down with bleach when they'd finished
In major cities, libtards and snowflakes mince into the streets to celebrate Biden's victory with an outpouring of hope, joy, and coronaviral droplets
Indeed we have met before, at my coronation in 1953, which he attended as an old man
As America begins a new chapter and 2020 shudders to a close, the global pandemic is sadly still in full swing
But more difficult because the coronavirus is far smaller than the moon
The vaccine breakthroughs are good news
No 5G vaccine for me, thank you very much It's made in a laboratory
Despite naysayers and refuseniks, vaccines offer a chance of a more normal life in 2021 and beyond
Is the vaccine compulsory?
I learned the complete genomic sequence of the novel coronavirus
I got in touch with some old university chums and we have started a Zoom barbershop quartet
for the end of 2021
But no one could have foreseen what the vaccine would do to us or how we'd use our new powers
But no one could have foreseen what the vaccine would do to us or how we'd use our new powers
Explosionproof corrugated metal, optic scanning, access held by the guards
There's metal gates inside
To open the metal gates, you need access cards
Something like metal?
METAL METAL BAND CONCERT TICKET
It's a nonlinear movie, and it's complicated with a lot of metaphors
[Gregg] A metal carousel that had all the index cards in
So it's just like any other metamorphosis
African American residents account for most of the COVID 19 cases and deaths
That's the subtle connection between metaphysics and science
Is loving someone considered metaphysics or science?
If you're interested in metaphysics and science, you're welcome to listen to my class anytime
So I spent a lot of time researching the relationship between metaphysics and science
Last week, remember we discussed the application of modern science and metaphysics?
If it's escaped, we need to accelerate our timetable
Zoom in
Yeah, zoom in
That's Mikey's metal And this, this is my slug
Lockdown!
Lockdown!
Metal tongue
most possible economic pandemic
I have a cold, but my mom gave me purple Dimetapp, so it's okay
(METAL CLATTERING)
A metaphor, an analogy
Indeed You proffer a metaphysical conundrum
There's a reason keys are made out of metal
I remember a metal face, like a monster
By announcing timetables and benchmarks?
This is a metaphor for something else, a metaphor for success, itâs a metaphor for I have achieved something and received recognition within my own community,
Zoom up
Some men sent these metal men here to attack our village
But I feel pretty secure here in this big steel box, holding my metal gun
You've been in a medicallyinduced coma while we got you out of Ukraine and rebuilt your mouth
Do you have an analysis on the metals?
I was almost taken out by a very unusual type of ammunition in Ukraine
Combination of metals is unique to India
Surprisingly easy once there's a lockdown
So, how do we get enough firepower through the perimeter to trigger the lockdown procedure?
He was in Ukraine
It's a metal detector
Is that what you've been doing with that metal detector?
[METAL CLANGING]
The whole thing is like a metaphor for the LGBTQ community
Forged of the rarest metals, the only sword of its kind in all the land
Okay, tell me this Many lives were lost because of Corona
He's been vaccinated Everyone is safe
I've arranged for a collection We'll donate the metal that's just gathering dust
We don't have any metal containers
I'm from Ukraine, not Russia
Ukraine is good place
If there are no people of color in Ukraine then why are you making assumptions about anything?
Men searching in the Arctic had found a yellow metal
And if I press those two buttons, the whole thing go on lockdown mode
The inside is all metal
Oh, that's just a metal penis
I'm not a metaphoricaltype gal
My quest has taken me through the physical, the metaphysical, the delusional
METAL SCRAPING
You got any bennies? Zoomers? A little chicken powder?
My fucking heart was beating so fast, I thought I was gonna have a coronary
Click on the bottom picture, and then zoom in, zoom in, zoom back to
Man! We're like a metaphor for life, you and me, you know that?
Other half of the metaphor
A balance of need and greed and speed, and you Tailies, who seem to have forgotten that it is 117 degrees below zero outside of this metal tube, and Mr Wilford is awake 21 hours a day just to keep the Goddamn heat on
Alright, folks, we're extending lockdown right now
Emergency lockdown in effect
I'm okay Emergency lockdown in effect
Two days here and we're already into lockdown?
Metal on metal
Alana Skovia is a type of babe, and she's from the Ukraine
Feet on the metal!
Mr Rabbit is just a metaphor, Dad Come on, I've told you this
on your spoostained papasans, stewing in the violence, masturbating over the metametaphors, pretending that you're valid, but you know what?
Vaccines, and now, suddenly miracle meat
Unknown, untenured basement scientist inserts himself into national pandemic
But we don't even know thatthat my vaccine
We have a vaccine, and we can cure our kids
My original vaccine was only approved for limited use for the Peruvian military
Yeah, I know that, Mike Christie Labs owns the vaccine
So then you know it's a therapeutic vaccine
I feel like the guy I need right now to be the face of this vaccine, our savior, no less
And the only thing that this expert was asking for was a chance to make sure that this vaccine was safe
Our gentle, spineless scientist has somehow found his backbone and is in St Louis, demanding that he personally conduct the field tests for his vaccine
You have the vaccine with you, correct?
I'll prepare the vaccine Please hurry
And more importantly, a vaccine
Dr Michael Stearns tested his vaccine on my daughter
I'm standing here before you today because we have found a cure, but more importantly, we've found a vaccine
Tell us about the vaccine How can parents
get this vaccine? How was the vaccine
The vaccine was developed We have got to get you that vaccine
What's gonna happen now is we're gonna put the vaccine through a series of trials
This is basic protocol for any new vaccine that's going to be It's been tested!
Uh, and I understand that this is unorthodox, but my vaccine has already been vigorously tested
Stearns administered the vaccine to the young girl when she was just hours away from certain death
We have the vaccine!
Christie Labs is producing the vaccine right now
Free the vaccine! Free the vaccine!
It appears a vaccine has indeed been discovered
Tell the FDA to free the vaccine
I'm selling the vaccine for you
You being alive sells the vaccine
As the Stearns flu has now been declared a national pandemic, thousands of protesters around the nation are demanding the FDA approve the vaccine
But there's nothing anyone can do until the FDA frees the vaccine
The vaccine saved her, but, listen, I was looking at your blog post, and I was just wondering, how long did you know Dale?
I have, uh, I've written a statement for you, supporting and lauding the decision to greenlight the vaccine
Once the FDA freed the vaccine, we all jumped into high gear, and we plan to have the shelves stocked tomorrow morning
Can you give the viewers any idea of how long people will have to wait to be vaccinated?
We made sure that your vaccine is going to save the world
I could not be more thrilled with the FDA's decision to free the vaccine
But this vaccine isn't just for kids
There's no need to waste time because this vaccine works
'Cause once the vaccine ships, there won't be a Michael
So your vaccine won't work
You said the vaccine worked
Why would you give people false hope with a vaccine that won't work?
Every man, woman and child in this country will get that vaccine, and he'll make billions and bill
There must be something awful in that vaccine
The vaccine is about to ship, and it will save hundreds of thousands of lives
that I can find in any reddit chatroom Forget her We'll get the vaccine ourselves
And we're going to stop the vaccines and then kill him
What the hell did you put in that vaccine?
She and Lily came from Ukraine, I believe, but it could be Romania
And when this vaccine fails, I'll be the scapegoat
He created a flu that sparked a demand for a vaccine that doesn't work
After everyone in the country is vaccinated
And we have taken that virus and embedded it in the vaccine of the Stearns Flu
You created a panic, and now everybody's begging for the vaccine
I'm pretty sure when every vaccinated person starts dying, they'll trace it back to you, undetectable virus or not
In the first five years, we'll start to see major birth rate declines as teenagers vaccinated today hit their childbearing years
We break in, destroy the vaccines, and it has to be now
All right Let's say we succeed in destroying all the vaccines
They can just make new vaccines within a week
He'll tell the camera that he killed hundreds of children to trigger a demand for a vaccine that's useless
You can destroy the vaccines
Christie Corp is under attack by bioterrorists, and we are officially on lockdown
The warehouse has been breached The vaccines have been destroyed
That tasty treat has been off the shelves since 2024
No A viral pandemic
We gotta put this place in lockdown before those Shriekers get over here to help their leader
It means there's metal in the engine oil that's not supposed to be there
Lara Espen was a 12yearold girl from Ukraine who died in a traffic accident ten years ago
Lockdown All prisoners, lockdown
30 feet in front of you, there is a metal door Do you see it?
Coronation as the NBA's Rookie of the Year
Scottie's on a different timetable
I'm Bob Costas and welcome to these NBA Finals with due respect to Seattle SuperSonics and apologies to their fans, the prevailing attitude in Chicago, and for most of the country really, is that these NBA Finals loom not so much as a competition, as a coronation
Made me feel like I was metal, wire, fucking alien shit flying all over the place
21st century human health challenges demands 21st century metahuman solutions
to go, uh, to complete the metamorphosis, which is why he probably needs a slave like Tracey Powell to do the things he's unable to do himself
Pedal to the metal
Look closer, zoom in
I think we've all figured out Alex the uncle is not a scrap metal dealer
Yeah, so does the scrap metal business, so do the clubs
We've all figured out that Alex is not a scrap metal dealer
He's on seg wing on a 24hour lockdown
Can you zoom in a little bit?
Zoom in a little more
I think the waiting room was, like, a metaphor, though, for how stuck she felt
When I wrote the oath for the coronation, all I did was put the visions and aspirations of the king into words
Engage full security lockdown
Facility on full security lockdown
Facility on full security lockdown
Facility on full security lockdown
Facility on full security lockdown
And now the government is harnessing the power of the parasites and putting it in the vaccines with our kids
This sleeve seems to have some metabolic filter
The man who owns it, Semetaire, has made good business out of ransoming stacks back to families
You Semetaire?
Semetaire lets us keep the good stuff
You scrubbed the AI but left the metadata
I once went to a death metal music festival
Uh this Ukraine Op I've been running Went sideways on me
American assets were ambushed and killed in Ukraine yesterday
Yeah, okay, Dad I get it It's a metaphor
A piece of metal, maybe Like from a van
My mouth tastes like metal
Put 'em on lockdown
Put them on lockdown
Wallet, gum, key metal
No, no It's more like a metaphor
Oh I, I meant metaphorically
It was as if from the battlefield a metaphorical postcard went home to America, and it said, with a picture of the dead,
City's on lockdown
Last year at my company, we marketed a vaccine to help combat the chikungunya virus and saturated the web with such gorgeous content, we were actually responsible for increasing tourism in the Virgin Islands by 30 percent
Could you not come up with a more suitable metaphor, please ?
The front lines would include Catholic factions from the conflicts in former Yugoslavia, freedom fighters from Ukraine, and the Lithuanian special forces
It's got schools without metal detectors
We got their medical records and it says here your wife and you hadn't brought your daughter in for vaccination in time
or tiny shards of metal can puncture a suit and create a catastrophic leak
It metastasizes, so itit's growing andand whatever, so
That's actually a really great metaphor
Well, that metaphor got dark real fast
With the support of our fellow church members, friends, family, and the Lord, it would be fortuitous to see our Jenny go all the way to the Beijing Olympics in 2022!
And honestly, if I take any time off, there's no way I'm even getting close to qualifying for 2022
Like, are they alien rocks that change his metabolism?
You know there's a zoom on that thing, right?
Others may come from cometary matter
Then when it starts to decelerate, the heavy metal core is pushed forward by the inertia and ends up like a metal mound in the front of the particle
And they accomplished this without a single nail or metal tool of any kind
Stalin's forced collectivization of farms in the Ukraine led to one of the darkest chapters in human history
Behold, saccorhytus coronarius
He lived with his grandmother, and despite great hardship, he managed to be accepted at the most prestigious high school, and afterwards gained admission to the best engineering institute in the Ukraine
The Soviet Union was going through a metal shortage, so Kondratyuk's challenge was to build the largest grain elevator possible without using more than a single nail
He had heated up a metal electrode until it spit out an electron
This layer of an otherwise rare metal called iridium, signifies the end of the Cretaceous chapter some
Get it together, Mariner The captain has us on a strict timetable
Are you kidding me? ! Creepy stone walls, jagged metal bars
I mean, all of that chanting, and thethe metal gavel?
He just tosses out nonstop food metaphors!
Interior Rickety metal catwalk Night?
We were supposed to fight on a rickety metal catwalk
I think he's being metaphorical because we don't want to put the cart before the horse
Take all the metal out of your pockets, please
Take all the metal out of your pockets, please
It's metastasized to your lungs
It's a cocktail of synthetic enzymes, pseudoceramides, metabolic enhancers, stimulants, neuroblockers
Yeah, when people dump plastic and heavy metals everywhere somebody's got to do something
I've emailed them about a toxic sewage from the metal facility just behind me
Heavy metal, atomic number 48
Get out of here, you ol' metalhead
Do not speak in metaphor, Sibyl
We have enacted Lockdown Protocol
Who initiated Lockdown?
We have enacted Lockdown Protocol
They're using the lockdown to divide and conquer the base
We have enacted Lockdown Protocol
Coulson lifted the lockdown
Looks like more metal for the scrap heap
Metaphorically, yes
It's a damn metaphor
Why don't you two implement lockdown protocols while I figure this out
‐ You refer metaphorically to the marriage?
You've got half of Gloucester under Judoon lockdown
Now, you need to tell me everything you know about Lee how long you've been together, and what was that metallic box?
The plastic metastasized as if it was living
She cut down her hedges, Lara Jean That is a metaphor!
Let's take a little zoom in
Like, zoom in?
METALLIC RUMBLING
METALLIC THUD
METALLIC CREAKING
Yes, well, every metaphor has its limits, Rosemary
He poked around inside me with a metal thing
Cardiovascular, metabolic, cognitive
They metastasize
Locked yourself out of override and out of metaoverride
My husband isn't a metaphor My husband is a murderer
The first thing is that he's borrowing a lot of money and sending it to bank accounts in Moldavia, Ukraine
Metalgreymon!
Yolei, you're zooming in too much
He would say that metamorphosis isn't death
I wanted to apply this process of metamorphosis to humans
The potion just mimics metamorphosis
(Metal creaking) Are you even talking to me?
On the balcony for your coronation, I knew you were hiding something from me, but this
I am Metatron, born Enoch
I think we go in there, and we tell Metatron that we'll agree to the merge
Another final request, Metatron
Didn't Metatron say that the chances
Metatron did not know the future
They were into heavy metal and looking for a place to practice
Theo, we can't compete with Satanic Panic as a metal band
First of all, and in no way am I trying to knock the Fright Club as a band, but competing against a hellbound heavy metal group like Satanic Panic
They're already on lockdown then
Attention Archer is now on lockdown, effective immediately
We are now on lockdown
Yeah The school's on lockdown, but nobody knows why
Newton schools are on lockdown
I feel like all the books she gives us, they always have these, like, metaphors and similes and symbols that you're supposed to figure out, but it's just, like, who cares?
I thought you were antimetaphor?
Listen, I don't need to see some other boring old car that you'll turn into some metaphor about life
Soon this whole rig will just be a pile of scrap metal
Mess hall's on lockdown
get the fuck out of our house metaphor I've received so far
The suit provides a shield against the coronal radiation my body will be yes, yes, yes
Your body was suffused with coronal radiation
Then there were metahumans, and I could handle that
Say that all the vaccinations need to be done here
They think the vaccinations have got poison in them
A security operation to protect the medics, allied and local, as they continue with essential vaccination work in the field
What has been agreed with Dr Bahil is that a plainclothed military medic will escort her throughout, working as close security as well as administering vaccinations
There are three children here we need to vaccinate
Sketchy info at the moment but as I understand it, suicide bomber neutralised, hospital in lockdown
Smith Corona
He's trapped in hell It's a metaphor for existence
Are there metal detectors in here?
The hospital's on lockdown, but there's no signs of an explosion
You have a metacarpal fracture
Mia? [METAL WEAPON SLASHES]
The whole place is laced with metadampeners
It's a metaphor for your life
OK, WITH HRT's HELP, WE HAVE A LOCKDOWN
There's no garbage in that weird metal thing
Ooh, did you know the mockingbird is a metaphor for innocence?
I like that metaphor, but it's not quite right, is it? I think if you
Are you seriously about to noodle on my metaphor right now?
In that somewhat flawed metaphor, you are both the painter and the brush
Red clock means lockdown
You know? The most important vaccine in the history of man
My son's trying to drop out of community college so he can smoke reefer and blow spit through metal
My mouth tastes like metal
We're about to go on lockdown You should get inside
We were married on October 14, 2021
They take like a metal straw and
You said When you rise again, be hard and clear like metal
You took the nametag off our mailbox?
Next morning, a rancher by the name of Mike Connors found his field covered in a strange metal
Lockdown in effect! Back to your cells!
Repeat ‐‐ we are in lockdown!
Today will test your metal, kid
Now, we just have to watch for metallic vortexes
Metallic vortexes?
Metal vortex?
A metal straw for your ice coffee
It's a metaphorical whore, like, I don't mean that romantically in any way
There's no treatment, no vaccine
I'll tell Jeffords to lift the lockdown
You cannot lift the lockdown
METAL DOOR SLAMS IN DISTANCE
And the metaphorical climate is changing at camp as well, because the scourge of income inequality is rearing its ugly head [clears throat]
This metaphor is a disaster!
Zoom in
But really, who's zooming who?
However, their dart boards are much smaller and the darts are larger, and made from heavy metal
By starting a global pandemic?
Ride out this pandemic in a bunker
One metal gate, one wooden door, 4 safes inside the vault
It's just a piece of metal
It's just a piece of metal
I worked at YoupiMetal
YoupiMetal Undies
I meant metabolically speaking
Would your readership really suffer a mass coronary if they discovered a woman had written this?
AROUND THE WORLD IN 80 DAYS (2021) Season 1 Eps 1
Cells metastasizing, cells in remission
Big metaphor guy I love it
It's a metaphor
Okay, it was a clumsy metaphor But you see what I mean
No Terrible metaphor
Are those barricades metal?
Everyone, get back to your bunks We're on lockdown
The metal and glass structure will be new
What are the odds it's metaphorical?
Not metaphorical
Metaphorically
A great editor strains the metaphorical dregs from the wine, and it's clear Mr Shaw needs a great editor, as this new vintage will not age well, I'm afraid
Made of metal?
I'm the engineer in charge of the metal bridge
Metal lacework!
The bridge is stable despite its light metal structure
THE ART OF BUILDING METAL BRIDGES
In my early career, 20 years ago in Bordeaux, a metal bridge posed the same challenge
18,038 METAL PIECES AND 2,500,000 RIVETS WERE USED
We have to deliver these vaccines to a clinic
The Krasny wanna make the Ukraine a part of Russia
Even after Ukraine's independence, the country still held onethird of Russia's nuclear arsenal
Now, we deliver these vaccines to the hospital, and my informant will feed us intel on Koval's next plan
Said we had to get vaccines through
You get that vaccine delivered
You said we'd deliver the vaccines to getÂ intel on Koval
The vaccines were delivered
I meant metaphorically, where's your seat of power?
I thought those were metaphors, Byron !
Presenting her with donut holes, especially in such a chivalrous manner, should have greased the wheels, metaphorically speaking, to get your beach date off to a rousing start
It's a metaphor, a colorful exaggeration
Abstracts, metaphors, colorful exaggerations
A metaphor?
Not metaphors, not abstracts, not colorful exaggerations, no
My dread Lord, your leave and favor to return to France, from whence though willingly I came to Denmark to show my duty in your coronation, yet now, I must confess, that duty done
It's like a coronation ceremony
All right, secure a perimeter Hospital's on lockdown
You lost the Tesseract, and now you play with metal trinkets
I'm still that skinny kid from Brooklyn, now just in a big metal suit
Adler High School senior graduating class of 2021!
Bernie, this has ruined his trip to the Ukraine
It's the Ukraine what's the best thing that could happen?
paraded into a courthouse Ginsburg appears to be breaking the laws of metaphysics, gloating on every single Sunday show
We talking literally or metaphorically?
It's a metaphor of capitalist exploitation
Lockdown
The lockdown is tracking
Pause it Zoom in
Blocks9 ,10,and17,  prepare for lockdown
Prisoner334 is in lockdown
Lockdown 883
A guard was able to put the Max on lockdown, but others are trapped inside with him
Thisisalockdown
This is a lockdown All staff, remain in secure areas
This is a lockdown
Can I get four Coronas with lime?
If not then the wrath of my god, the great god Zoomgali, who is also incredibly single, will come and find you, and the sounds will color the sky, and he will come after you and your loved ones,
Like at a dentist's office, you know, when they put a metal vest on us before an Xray
Where are we gonna make a metal tube?
Maybe that's like our metal tube
Metaphorically for you, of course, because our siblings are invulnerable, you'll be powerless against them
Zoom in
Metal detectors?
For hair loss, Thallium Metallicum
Selenium Metallicum, Phosphoricum Acidum, Yohimbinum These medicines will help
It's on security lockdown
Just feed me the metadata, anything that's gonna move the market on me reputationally, yeah?
I thought it was a metaphor
There is a large, a very large prominence extending out into the corona
Coronal mass ejection verified
Coronal mass ejections usually take days to travel from the sun to the moon
Big Alice border is on lockdown I've got Brakemen in every link
Right, but we can't decouple on lockdown
A weak point, designed to be jettisoned, even on lockdown
That wasThe Sacrifice, the Viking metal anthem that will live for the ages, byBlood Death, as we mourn the loss of four of its members found dead in a hotel room in Bridgeport, Connecticut
Camera two, zoom on Bradley Take it
I did stupid TikTok dances on TV
The timetable has changed now that somebody has decided to leak the information to the press, so we have to move expeditiously
Okay Uh, Mueller Report Uh, perfect Ukraine call
Section Seven, full lockdown, 800 hours
He was born in the Ukraine
Could you see what the metal is?
That was The Sacrifice, the Viking metal anthem that will live for the ages, by Blood Death, as we mourn the loss of four of its members found dead in a hotel room in Bridgeport, Connecticut
After scanning my room for ment metal objects that would heat under fire,
My little girl and I, we have this game called Magic Carpet Ride, and I zoom her up and around and down
âª And I can see my face In your reflection âª âª That is a metaphor For more than I can imply âª âª Baby, it heals my soul âª
Can you do one for a TikTok I'm trying to make?
When the other metals are factored in, the comet actually contains almost $140 trillion worth of assets
I mean, we have a purchase, but we don't have payment, which is a metaphor on
Question, what is the number one problem with the coronavirus?
But now the world can stop their worrying because we have created the COVID five
You were on maternity leave longer than expected because of the pandemic, but now that all first responders have been vaccinated, you've returned
I started performing daily checks of my bloodoxygen level during COVID because I feared for my life
Now, I should say there was somebody very, very special involved in the show who couldn't be here tonight but so desperately wanted to be part of the show, he's joining us on Zoom right now
I'll take it It's been COVID tested
Thank you I'll take it COVID tested?
COVID tested
Listen, all the metal, copper, aluminum, needs to be separated
Don't they have all kinds of metadata onon everybody?
I heard it on a podcast They collect metadata, right?
Looks like some sort of metal surface, right?
Come if you want, but there's metal detectors all over
What about the metal detector?
Don't zoom!
CHARNWUT CHANTARACHOKE 19532021
Oh you don't get to decide the when and where on my timetable
Believe it if you will, or look for the metaphor in it, one thing's for sure
The pandemic felt like solitary, and I had cars and planes and five properties to choose from
So first of all, if you have been vaccinated, take off your mask
It's been inspiring as hell watching you all battle on during the worst of the pandemic
And he never knew who was zooming who
But it's the who's zooming whom part
Why don't you make a TikTok or something?
I have much, much bigger fish on my metaphorical plate, and a fucking cold coq au vin on my actual plate
Where's the vaccine? You must want to live!
You have the anti virus and vaccine!
Give us the vaccine and anti virus, and mitigate your crime!
Fortunately, BRICOM possesses an antiviral treatment and vaccine which they will provide to victims free of charge
We told them there's an antiviral and vaccine, and the pilot is unwell
It'll be okay We got the vaccine
Um, we could try to Zoom
Sure, Fred We can Zoom
Seems like they've moved on from recreating a killing to reenacting a metaphoric murder
We have to assume that Gravedigger is injecting himself with whatever remains of the metaformula you left in Markovia
Henderson would still be alive if it wasn't for the large amount of undocumented metas running rampant in Freeland
I want to get rid of any gangs that are controlling the drugs, as well as any metahuman activity that has plagued Freeland for so many years
I need you to separate the product from the meta weapons
My goal is to isolate the meta gene to the point where I can use it against any attack against Freeland
I'm going to try a different meta gene next week
Zoom in on his face
Part One (2021)
Extreme temperatures and treacherous weather events make life outside the cities of Arrakis truly hostile, with sandstorms powerful enough to cut through metal
Rumor was, the whole neighborhood got a secret vaccine manufactured for the Queen of England and were thus immune to COVID
Lucky Super high metab
Watch me zoom
It's 2021!
It was one of those outbreaks with everyone getting sick on the ship You know white people don't vaccinate
I recently bought a metal straw
Old ladies who are paralyzed by Tesla hipsters too busy watching TikToks to look up when they approach a crosswalk
Too many officers taking pandemic disability
COVID? Yeah
I've got to Zoom the bridge girls
Usually, it shoots 20inch metal spikes out the studs
Was your business affected much by coronavirus?
I mean, we trashed an entire economy, so the old people in care homes didn't die of coronavirus
With the metal detector and the
Define metallic bonding
I still haven't forgiven them for coronavirus
Then there was Covid, no furlough scheme for me
It's 2021, women can have it all
And the smell, the overwhelming smell of metal
So Henry Ford, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk
If you see any green glow, zoom into it
Aim the telescope at the green energy and zoom all the way in
I have known it's metastatic for a little over four years, and if it's metastatic, there is no cure
COVID19 pandemic, tens of millions became infected and many, many deaths were reported each day
They strapped me to this cold, hard metal surface
The implant is made of an alien metal
You said Fort Collins is still under presidential lockdown, right?
Adam, I marked your test this afternoon Here's your timetable
You got a way to get through solid metal?
O sweet Motherboard, master of metal
Meat or metal, we get through them and get what we came for
Do you remember that if I so much as weld two pieces of metal together,
That's very clever, metal man But what would contain it?
Is there a lockdown procedure?
The energy will be cataclysmic, metal man
Who's more rich, Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk?
Elon Musk, for sure
Guys, come on Elon Musk is the rocket man, man
It's raised concerns that Coronavirus is spreading in ways that are hard to control
Who has been talking about Coronavirus for a month?
This is the first reported US death from Coronavirus
These three bring the total number of coronavirus cases detected through the US Public Health System to 22
Italy now has the largest coronavirus death toll outside China
Worried about some pandemic?
Northern Virginia has reported its first known case of the coronavirus
Maybe they didn't want him to get the coronavirus
He's got the coronavirus
This COVID stuff is
Look, just 'cause I'm nervous about the whole pandemic doesn't mean I'm crazy
This your guy Overtime Larry, taking a break from my pandemic workout to shout out Swagger DMV
Even though it was on Zoom, it was scary as hell to testify
When so many things happened this year, you know, the pandemic, George Floyd, everything
Yeah Before the lockdown and protesting, Leon was working the Joe Warrick case
Please remove any keys, metal objects Place 'em in the bowl
He's just been having some trouble with this pandemic stuff, you know?
Livestock metaphors Fun
I want that crime scene on total lockdown until every molecule of evidence is collected
These kids don't watch TV They're on TikTok
Here we go, ship metaphors
We could FaceTime or Zoom
'Heavy on the Metal Dave they call me
COVID was actually really good for us
Lockdown, we were with one another and no one else for a year and a half
Well, just so you know, I got vaccinated I'm not stupid
And her vaccination card said she was 18
And along these roads, for better or worse, silk of course would circulate, but also religion, language, refugees, artists, technology and pandemics
He been locked up for seven years, and if anybody knows how to institute a lockdown, it'll be Duck
It was raining metal
Metal raining from the sky
The Death Star is 98% metal
Have you been vaccinated for smallpox? Yes
No time to let up now Pedal to the metal, right?
Is she literally three kids and a trench coat or is it a metaphor?
[metal clinks] [grunts] [clattering] [whispers] Ah!
Shut up, scrap metal
If we had them, I could check the metadata
Maybe I spiraled during the sourdoughbananabread phase of the pandemic
When we were knee deep in the pandemic, you were thanking me for taking your patients
I miss the pandemic
I started lifting weights between Zoom patients, and 18 months later
Candy Storell, vaccinated
I mean, one was a COVID overflow unit and the other was an auxiliary space for neurology
It was our second COVID overflow unit
But above this room was our third COVID unit
you'd be nothing more than a glob of metal on the ground?
You must have a pretty fast metabolism with an ass like that
Listen, zoomie
So, what's the main metaphor in this text?
Speaking of which, shouldn't you be upstairs talking to your new COVID crush?
Wait, you met someone in the middle of a pandemic?
I know, but hello, global pandemic We need to be safe
Can't talk for long, Mom I got a Zoom homeroom in, like, ten minutes
He hates Zoom meetings
CJ, you're back! Ah, corona hug!
This is what I get for starting a corona hobby
It is not my fault that you allowed our only child to be shot right before a worldwide pandemic hit
I show up to these Zoom meetings like I would any realworld meeting
You do so many of those Zoom calls
According to her, she was trying to stop the spread of COVID19
The pandemic's been hard on everybody
Here's a metafive I'm out of the canoe
Only to get the bones to reset Then we insert a metal rod
Metals!
*THE EXPANSE* Season 05 Episode 07 Episode Title: Oyedeng Aired on: January 13, 2021
*THE EXPANSE* Season 05 Episode 09 Episode Title: Winnipesaukee Aired on: January 27, 2021
How many cases of COVID19 in Seattle?
I think we have our first case of coronavirus
They're afraid COVID is gonna kill them
But it's not safe at the hospital The coronavirus is
And you won't be anywhere near a COVID patient
What are you trying to do, set a world record for people in an ER in the middle of a pandemic?
You put a patient at risk of getting COVID
And he won't get COVID because my OR is spotless
When that pandemic can be cured by brain surgery, shoot me a page
Could have gone home 'cause she doesn't have any patients, but she's working in the ICU, and this is all that protected her from exposure to COVID19
We have our first COVID trach
If you get COVID, I get COVID
People we worked with for a very long time who sadly lost their battle with COVID
Might be a metahuman or two in Fiji
You were right about the metal sample from the Superman ship
Implement lockdown procedures immediately
Zoom
With my metabolism, I burn it right off
It's a metaphor for society at large
Metaphor for society at large
Don't touch the metal Prod Ow!
But you've already pushed the coronation once And I mean, don't we have to get up there?
I mean, I'll be free to fly you down right after Lucifer's coronation
Lee's door was a metaphor for his own guilt
I know it was a metaphor, Lucifer
You captured a meta?
Meta
It feels very meta
One too many metas
She does one episode of CSI and thinks zoom in and enhance it is a thing
They're saying 2021 is all about found footage
And since Zoomers rarely call anyone on the phone, checking Paxton's voicemail led her to find another one she had forgotten about
It's some kind of metallic object
Hey, did you see that someone in the US has this novel coronavirus in Washington?
And if a person gets coronavirus 5,000 miles away,
Look, I'm not necessarily saying that I need to cover coronavirus
That's so stupid But thanks for the heads up, Zoomer
What happened to COVID18?
COVID19 is what they're calling it
He has coronavirus
Overseas, the virus continues to spread, with confirmed coronavirus cases climbing into the hundreds over the
Coronavirus continues its spread across the globe
President Trump again suggested coronavirus would go away
But you're in a lockdown
â¦lockdown
Signora, there is a lockdown
Outside of the government lockdowns, it is
There are now 60 reported cases of the novel coronavirus here in the US across multiple states
while in the middle of a burgeoning pandemic
Trying to get ahead of this coronavirus thing, so we're going to put studios in everybody's places
Breaking overnight, the second death linked to coronavirus on US soil has been confirmed
We're coming up empty on those COVID19 tests
What are you getting COVID tests for?
And here to tell us what we can be doing to help control the spread of coronavirus is UBA's chief medical correspondent Dr Gwen ZeegersBottum
You know, with my heart condition and COVID,
They tested you in the emergency room, and you tested positive for COVID
After days in limbo, a cruise ship with at least 21 coronavirus patients has finally docked
I mean, if Alex even has COVID, which I'd like to point out is statistically unlikely
But I tested positive for COVID
Someone's got COVID?
Does someone have COVID? Or does Alex have COVID?
Did she have a head injury, or was she hospitalized because of COVID?
Or did she hit her head because of COVID?
Can you fire a person with COVID?
The WHO declares a pandemic
There's no instruction manual for doing what I'm doing during a pandemic
Look, a few hundred people have COVID A lot more people are gonna get it
This makes it real Someone that they know has COVID
But we're not telling people she has COVID
She's got COVID She's She's practically canceled
I have COVID Are you out of your fucking mind?
It's not nerves It's fucking COVID
Because I learned the difficult news yesterday that I tested positive for the n novel coronavirus
I owe a particularly big apology to my producer, Charlie Black, who has tested positive for COVID himself
Tom and Rita have COVID
Whoo! Corona piece of shit
We finally got a new batch of COVID tests in
Afraid of dying from COVID?
COVID, heart attack, hunting accident, anything?
But now this pandemic has hit, everything seems totally different
Hey If If my wife didn't have COVID before, she probably has it now
It is a complicated set of metaphors
I hate smug, selfstyled comics, their pretentiousness to make people laugh at inane bullshit, the tyranny of metairony
My metabolism is engaged and firing
I totally expected a metaphor there
Just no more metaphors Like, I can take it
She's in lockdown
Why? We are in lockdown
What is lockdown and why are we
We had kind of a whole moment, and then she got a call from Delilah, and and then she just kept repeating the word, uh, lockdown
And just hearing the word lockdown, you know, said repeatedly like that did not exactly fill me with confidence, so I just thought you would maybe want to know that
Heavy metal, dude
Hmm That's what we make vaccines from
Okay, so then you test the vaccines on the chickens?
And then, if we incubate just the right ones, then we grow vaccines
Huh? Sorry, I've been watching that survivalist show, Alone, it's really helped with my metaphors
Expired satellites, abandoned space vehicles, and leftover space construction materials have collided to form millions of scrap metal parts precariously floating in space
(METAL CLANGS)
(SHUSHES) (METAL TAPPING)
Listen to me BUBS: Okay, I'm all metal
(METAL CRUNCHES, SQUEAKS)
(METAL CLANGING)
(METAL CLANGS)
(METAL CLANGS) (GASPS)
(HEAVY METALLIC FOOTSTEPS)
(METAL CLINKING) (GRUNTING)
(METAL CLINKS) (PAINED SCREAM)
(GASPS, PANTING) (METAL CLINKS)
We're going on a field trip, zoomers
I'd turn on Coronation Street
The metal has been folded too many times to count, making it as flexible as a reed and as strong as stone
Do you think the planetary metaphor holds?
I meant metaphorically
No more metaphors
From Ukraine, Viviana
It's metastasized
Get hyped for the event of the year, Festival of Color 2021!
From the get‐go, organized crime has been making bank off this pandemic
‐ Narco thinks the Certificates of Conformity have something to do with the COVID vaccine
We're having a little vaccination party for family and close friends
Where were those vaccines headed?
If those vaccines aren't stored properly, within two hours, they're useless
And these vaccines, they need to be stored in very cold conditions
Why would he care if the vaccines rotted or not?
Any vaccines come in in bulk, have them contact us first
I'm afraid in the world of vaccines distribution,
We'd like to help recover those vaccines
There's no doubt in my mind you jacked those vaccines, vaccines that were meant for Harlem Hospital, for people who need 'em
The elderly, frontline workers, folks who can't afford to have a private doctor show up at their house with a vaccine shot and a glass of Chardonnay
Certazul vaccines need to be stored at negative 80 degrees or below in order to maintain their efficacy
I want to know how this is gonna help us find the vaccines
Doctors are offering the vaccine to their rich patients at a jackedup price
Yeah, and get the name of her Park Avenue doctor who, out of the blue, came into a supply of COVID vaccines
And I'm just trying to find out who's offering stolen vaccines to their patients at 50 times the market value
I saw in your DM that you're getting a vaccination tomorrow You suck
Look, you as a taxpayer, that's what you pay me to do It's stolen vaccines
Dr Lawrence Valentine, you are under arrest for the possession of stolen goods and the illegal acquisition and administration of the COVID19 vaccine
If those vaccines aren't restored properly, within two hours, they're useless
You jacked those vaccines
Not big on metaphors?
Good luck proving it was a vaccine and not their monthly Botox
This is the file on Dr Valentine, the concierge MD with the stolen vaccines
Washburn, I need you to call every security director on Wall Street, put them on notice about black market vaccines, let them know we're coming after anyone who tries to jump the line through their corporate health plans
It won't offset our losses on the vaccines, but it'll be a PR win
The Wheatley Foundation's giving away vaccines to the under served communities
Today, the Wheatley Foundation is donating 10,000 vaccines to this community
You'd need a permit to use this community center as a public vaccination site
And don't forget to get vaccinated before you leave
I hope you're vaccinated
DIY stores, metal shops
A year from now, the COVID pandemic will have run its course and things will be getting back to normal
But right now, at least for the next nine to ten months only a fraction of the world will have access to vaccine
The purpose of the meet is for our buyer to make a large purchase of illegal COVID product
And all in addition to the grotesque acquisition of millions of doses of COVID vaccines for the express purpose of extorting developing nations
Right before the start of the pandemic, my hot wife and I took a memorable trip to Japan
I can detail all the many ways that the COVID19 pandemic is being monetized by former associates of mine, from Puglia all the way across Asia and Africa
Hey, you got metal in your bones
I mean, I didn't want to give Trixie a coronary popping out of the bathroom mirror or something
With hypothermia, the body temperature falls drastically, and all the bodily functions, the cellular metabolism, slows down a lot
It's the perfect metaphor
My niece is always banging on about that What is TikTok?
What's TikTok?
That's TikTok Well, I do not like it
Don't be so literal, Doctor, I was being metaphorical
Yeah, but they were metallic, almost, and each feather was like its own precision blade
He was just zoomed in on what he needed to do and you could just see it and you could feel it
So 2021 begins ♪ Oh, I'm feeling good
And you took advantage of being a vet in a wheelchair to avoid the metal detector, get that gun through security
I do know she's in New York because during the pandemic one night, she applauded for the medical workers
Well, since COVID, the camera room got flooded by sex workers and strippers who couldn't make a living
I worked retail prepandemic
He was caught masturbating during a work Zoom session
Well, their mother died recently COVID Oh
Somebody in his pod tested positive for COVID,
I mean, as far as I can tell from Zoom
Not happening, Clark It's a lockdown Let's go
Hey, folks, lockdown's over
And you were in lockdown at Sing Sing?
The government's using the pandemic as an excuse to deprive us of our liberty
He believes that COVID is a hoax, the election was rigged
Visiting is hard with COVID
Her brotherinlaw in New Rochelle has Corona
You Zoom classes
As soon as the vaccines come
It's COVID
It isn't COVID
Just give it a few weeks People would vaccinated
I'm taking a COVID rapid test now Going straight to the airport
No, that's too late, because didn't you say it wasn't the pandemic?
Was it COVID?
Maybe we're all dead because, like, all this Zooming and FaceTiming and
The wedding in the middle of a pandemic, right?
I have spent months trying to count my blessings and show gratitude, and everyone keeps saying, Don't let COVID defeat you
Oh, COVID won
Eddie and Nate, one's out of work, one's out of school, they just sat there blaming me as if the whole pandemic was my fault
Right before the pandemic,
COVID
The pandemic's been hard on me too, but I'm not allowed to complain about anything
And they're terrible at Zoom It's just it's nose and mouth, there's no eyes
I have no time to study between Matthew and work and watching this dancing pig on TikTok
You know that's the worst metaphor ever, don't you?
It means he had a great metabolism Ice cream every week
Agent Hope Van Dyne was killed on a mission outside Odessa, Ukraine
Well, the door was more of a metaphor anyway
School's starting, gotta Zoom
If I'm sick, I don't have to Zoom?
It will set the metal detectors off How about I hold onto it for you?
A lot of postpandemic weddings It's gonna be hard to find you a venue
Now, make no mistake, we believe this was an attempt by my political rivals to knock me off the ballot in 2024, but this is still America
We started hooking up, during Covid
I do part time bookkeeping for a pediatrician on Zoom
TikTok, Noah?
So she's a TikTok star?
TikTok, YouTube
Your Honor, either this case will be tried in the court of TikTok, or in a court of law
And, in Willa Bartola's case, that was TikTok
You're familiar with a TikTok star from an LA content house named Blair Brooks?
November 04, 2021
I said mixed media I meant mixed metal, but, babe, I can get you some media
Hey, I tell you what, I don't know how big a name you're trying to make, but, you oughta let me call Bobby Patton and see if he'll sell you a share of Metallic
The life of a politician doesn't follow a timetable
Prepare for lockdown
Are we speaking metaphorically?
Talking metaphorically, yeah
I mean, I'm just as grateful for the vaccine as everyone else
THE COVID19 PANDEMIC HIT 6 MONTHS AFTER FILMING BEGAN
They say they've got a vaccine
There isn't a vaccine, the virus mutates
THE COVID19 PANDEMIC HIT 6 MONTHS AFTER FILMING BEGAN
THE COVID19 PANDEMIC HIT 6 MONTHS AFTER FILMING BEGAN
THE COVID19 PANDEMIC HIT 6 MONTHS AFTER FILMING BEGAN
THE COVID19 PANDEMIC HIT 6 MONTHS AFTER FILMING BEGAN
Oh, it takes more than a coronary to stop me
It was like a symbol or a metaphor
We're in lockdown Are you okay?
Freeze Zoom in
It's 2021, Chad Haven't you heard?
DISASTER ENCOUNTERED BY THE GREEN SNAKE COMING SOON IN 2021
These models are manufactured in ceramic, wood or metal
But basically it's deconstructed Arachne from Ovid's Metamorphosis You see?
Full metal jacket, steel core, armorpiercing
Asshole, she teaches chacha on TikTok
Can't believe how many people left New York after the pandemic
I'm making an ironic TikTok
Even with COVID, there are parents who don't have their kids vaccinated
Are you sure you had Love vaccinated?
Did you get vaccinated, Joe?
You know, I noticed that we don't have any record of your vaccinations
Metaphorically speaking
A fracture of the dorsal metacarpophalangeal joint, or knuckle
We research existing viruses and look for new ones, to make vaccines
Vaccines
Russia: Moscow, Ukraine:
Sixtyseven stitches and two metal pins
It's called COVID fatigue
Online They judge Zoom screens
Kyle White, take a lesson from our featured Zoom screen
We're just so worried about COVID
Is it COVIDIDIDIDIDIDID
Look, I told you I want to get your book out during the pandemic, right?
Someone sent a screen grab of my Zoom to a RoomRanker site
Pandemic
Many are wondering, 47 days in, how the United States can reopen for business under these pandemic conditions
I don't know There may be another mode of COVID transmission, but this one through bites, but I'm
I mean, it is But I went to a COVID party last night You
We can get the COVID antibodies by getting a small infection
Olivia, whatwhat happened at this COVID party?
A Tommy H model with COVID
I think there is some kind of new COVID complication
Because, Brian, after the pandemic is over, you'reyou're gonna find out that I'm a lot less interesting
Yeah, I've got a meeting with the White House in a few minutes to discuss COVID therapeutics, and I want to bring up your evidence
ViceAdmiral Jerome has asked me to brief the epidemiology team on recent developments in our ongoing COVID battle
Doctors at Fort Wood Warrior Unit have studied the attacker in the recent footage from Lake of the Ozarks, and we believe that there is a new virulent strain of COVID which is transferred through saliva and infected bites
We're suggesting calling the infection COVID Lite COVID Lite?
SARS, for example, has more positive connotations than COVID because the S sound is more pleasing to the ear
It's the new name for COVID Lite But what is it?
Nothing, nothing, we're just, uh, dotting our COVID I's
After review, the CDC has concluded that this was an isolated incident having nothing to do with COVID
Dr Deraux, so you're saying this is not related to COVID?
Concierge work You know, I vaccinate for overseas
The rest of the COVID residents are asleep
II think that I may have discovered a, a COVID mutation behaving like a neurotoxin
You discovered a novel mutation to a worldwide pandemic right in your apartment
But if this is airborne, this is worse than COVID,
If you look at the spread over two months, this will not result in a larger spread, like COVID
No My solution is that you scientists come up with a vaccine
Yeah, with observations on what it's like to work an unusual job, especially from home during a pandemic
Did you have COVID before?
Have you had COVID?
We were wondering whether Tcell COVID immunity might keep out the Sun9 protein
Remember, II had COVID in July and then my neighbor upstairs had it, also, and neither one of us got sick from an airborne infection
It's become a part of COVID
Uh, COVID
Okay, the infected hand clearly has the COVID protein
All right, it looks just like the COVID protein, but with a hunchback
It's been glued onto the back of COVID
But why would Bio Defense Armor want to attach Sun9 to COVID?
It's piggybacking on the back of COVID
She feels you guys are really tapping into the pandemic moment
It'sit's using its tentacles to fuse itself to COVID
Yeah, and it's parasitic It looks like it needs the COVID protein to survive
They've already fought off one pandemic
The manufactured protein met up with COVID and
With COVID numbers spiking around the country and the world, health officials this week warned of a potential new virus:
Unlike COVID,
Unlike COVID, you can only catch it from someone already showing the several zombielike symptoms of infection
Willwill the vaccine that stops COVID be able to stop Sun9?
It's not COVID, babe Don't worry You don't know that
When did you have COVID?
A virus that's not COVID?
Soso you think this is COVID?
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm dealing with a global pandemic
Due to COVID protocols, we've been approved to perform these over the Ethernet
No, I've tried them all, and they're all busy with COVID
I got infected with it That you said we both had COVID, so we couldn't
And you can see it'sit's not a COVID deformity
You know? It's like COVID
The what? The Emergency Pandemic Supply
Coke does speed up the metabolism
Psychiatrists say that the kind of controlled fear that you get from a rollercoaster or a haunted house or aa bungee jump it's like a vaccination
I remember Mr Welch finding out about that metal plate in my skull, and then I remember feeling so clear, all of a sudden
Did he take a COVID test?
COVID took away a lot of things
But we started dating just when the pandemic hit, and I thought about him for months during the lockdown
COVID
You're one of the select few to benefit from COVID19 Thanks for getting me out
I've narrowed it down to vampires or the global pandemic
It's about tapping in to what people have really been missing during this pandemic, you know?
When COVID was at its worst, a man stopped me in the street
Sure, Mr Moneybags, while you're dragging me all through COVIDland here
Not until they're vaccinated like us
Okay, we're gonna do a COVID test and Casey's gonna get your patient history and we're gonna order a scan
Well, she's more concerned about getting COVID than the fall
No, and it's not good news if you're trying to dig yourself out of a massive financial hole left by this pandemic
Not if they don't have to, not until there's enough vaccine for everyone
What happened was a global pandemic with no fully vetted vaccine
The cancer's metastasized
Millie's cancer metastasized to her brain
Before COVID, my parents used to let me come here
There's no vaccine for us
COVID19safe exhaust handling
'Cause even if we vaccinate every single American, there's gonna be another virus around the corner
Each one is immunocompromised in one way or another, each still living at home on lockdown without much family or friends, and each one knowing exactly what you're going through
People are so on edge since the corona
Well, I'm sorry, we used our PE money to give away hot lunches during the pandemic
Every man for himself after COVID
No little Chinese communist bastard can ever take that away from you, no matter how many Covid flus they send our way, try to kill us
I was doing better than him during Zoom classes, but the teachers decided to give everyone A's for hardship
You know, a lot of those luxury condos that went up before the pandemic are empty
And you're not on TikTok
Is this not a COVID patient?
And now I have a list where pretty much all of the patients have COVID‐19
But then my wife tested positive for COVID
And my daughter Andi, she doesn't have COVID but she has asthma, so we're scared about infecting her
Where we are today is a pivotal point in this entire situation with the coronavirus
This is a mass grave, being dug for Coronavirus victims
New York State because of the Coronavirus outbreak
Baby Lyon is finally ready to leave the hospital, but it's not safe for him here until we are all COVID free
With COVID you work so hard trying to preserve life,
I say it's over when we have a vaccine
When does that happen? When we have a vaccine
Day 100 since we had the first case in New York, first Coronavirus case
Woman: With COVID19 cases on the rise 
The news is saying it's a twoweek lockdown
[metal clinks] [thuds]
[metal clanks]
Look, it ain't my fault we have good metabolism
It was a metaphor
Judges still have to go through metal detectors, right? Of course
You're mixing metaphors Poker and baseball Ah
It's like metal
And I'm gonna use my produce metaphor again here, Mr Ray, so get ready
Those valves are not supposed to deteriorate, which means there could be something leaking, like, some kind of chemical or metal into the bloodstream
Um, it's a process by which metal ions in the bloodstream, like mercury or lead, are eliminated by binding to a circulating chelating solution
I realized that it was causing the metal components of the valve to leach out
I think I need to get a hepatitis B vaccine
Like, so does hepatitis C, and they don't have a they don't have a vaccine for that, but, um
Yes Well this is Dr Jarrek, he's handling lockdown procedures
All through lockdown I thought a lot about us
Hi, I'm Stacey, @NotActuallyLizzo on TikTok
Well, I've been working on my metaphors, since I'm a politician now
Everheart Memorial Hospital, in lockdown, surrounded by an army of FBI agents in protective detail
Yeah, further, further Zoom in, zoom in
So, just to confirm, you took this photograph of Carlton Flynn on April the 16th, 2021, the same night as Guy Tatum was last seen alive by you
I guess there's less COVID, so
Uh, Zoom schooling is a unique version of hell,
It's also a metaphor for our personal baggage
He would have a coronary
We looking for Ray or Full Metal's nicotine fix?
Trent, Metal, hold security up front
No He just stared at me like he was downwind from Full Metal on fajita night
Can Metal and Brock hold security without you?
They said they were gonna install metal detectors
COVID cut our elective surgeries in half Wow, okay
All these bouncers, who know a thing or two about deescalation, were out of work thanks to COVID
Yeah, cadmium is it's a heavy metal
At least one Erie Harbor home has tested positive for heavy metals and many more could soon be at risk
When COVID was at its worst, we had to cancel all nonurgent procedures
You have Prinzmetal's Angina, Rose
Case of China's new and deadly corona virus
They let people go now, what happens in a year or two when COVID is done?
Well, he told his family that he was afraid he might have COVID
Well, of course, but there's no way of knowing at that point whether or not he had COVID
Everything's prepackaged, so COVIDsafe We got a microwave and a hot pot here for you
We acknowledge the guy had a heart attack, and nobody knows whether or not it was COVIDrelated
And we think maybe of COVID
I witnessed my literal worst childhood fear, and we're working through a pandemic, where I can't even see people's faces, Travis, and you know I love people's faces
Probably just a COVIDrelated delay
Uh, she could be passed out on the floor from COVID, and no one would know
We both have COVID It was no biggie
You would have loved it the two of us under blankets, it was like On COVID Pond
Like, one day we're all gonna get a memo that says, COVID's over
I will make sure that every meta in this city is documented and tagged, so that we know their whereabouts and power capacity at all times
My goal is to isolate the meta gene to the point where I can use it against any attack against Freeland
They don't belong to the freaking metahumans
And for the metahumans who plague our city,
I have obtained next generation DEGs so that my officers will never be outgunned by metahumans again
I'm worried about the metas
Chief Lopez is getting next generation DEGs to kill metas
And I'm gonna kill metas
Oh, okay, so it's my fault that you're dropping metaboosters now?
You're a liability Okay? You're you're not a meta
I get it You're both metas I'm not a meta
The metagenes respond to different environmental influences, including other genes, which could be a variable
You're a liability Okay? You're, you're not a meta
This Lethal Lightning and metas like her are responsible for millions in property damage this city cannot afford
From what I've read, their energy output is lethal to humans and to metas
You know, the news are just trying to say that metas only destroy, but, no, I built something, okay?
If metahate like hers spreads, it's gonna make all of our lives more dangerous
Especially with the rest of that meta freak family of yours
I just saw on the news the other day that one of Freeland's finest got beat down by a meta and wound up in the hospital with a broken hip
Between the gangs and the metahumans, no person, no piece of property is safe
How am I supposed to keep metas off my ass with one damn gun?
no meta, no Kobra Cartel, not even Tobias Whale himself, will be able to stop us
The man put together a crew of metas and battled the US government and Markovia to save Freeland
But we know two metas who can make marks like that
it's time we put a face to this meta vigilante problem
Which is why I'll officially be naming you head of our newly formed Meta Task Force
Same holds true for metas, Chief
I'm able to confirm that, based on the evidence collected, the meta who calls herself Lighting is our primary suspect
Finally, I've assigned Detective Hassan Shakur to head up our new Meta Task Force
I'm not doing Green Light or meta boosters
It's time to remind these metas who's in charge around here
So it's my fault that you're dropping metaboosters now?
My whole body is screaming out for those metaboosters right now
Head of the New Meta Task Force?
So a meta did it?
The metagene
So she's a meta working for Tobias?
Well, without actually witnessing it ourselves, we'd have to create a metabooster and inject it into someone
They're requiring you to kill 100 metahumans
And I'll give you a bonus for every meta that you kill
So a meta did it?
So she's a meta working for Tobias?
We'd have to create a metabooster and inject it into someone
Well, I'm close to uncovering Val's meta powers
If we can prove she was the meta that killed Mayor Black, her only way out will be to name Tobias as the man who ordered the hit
This vial contains meta powers belonging to Tobias's attorney, Val
And you need a nonmeta host?
A nullifier's power stops other metas from having powers
She figured out a way to kill the metagene and increase power
And he's a meta hunter
A meta hunter?
One way to get into the League is by making highprofile kills, like killing metahumans
The streets say he's looking to take out some metas? Word
No cops, no Meta Task Force, nothing
And he's a meta hunter
Or all the metas in Freeland?
But they all had the metagene
Why would someone wanna remove metagenes?
All right, look, we're gonna have to find them because whatever he's trying to do with these metagenes, we have to stop them
When a highlyskilled meta hunter of Ishmael's caliber goes slumming it with the likes of you, it's only a matter of time before he decides to explore, shall we say, more lucrative options
Enabling him to nullify any meta at any time
And the metas?
Maybe we won't need protecting if we're not metas
Trust me, I do But when you met me, I was a meta
When you fell in love with me, I was a meta
The containers have the stolen metagenes, right?
Because we need the stolen metagenes to prove that our theory is right
I need more firepower to deal with this metahuman who calls herself Lightning
Metaboosters, my friend
Metas are responsible for everything that's wrong in the world
Metas go bad because they're weakminded
I've arranged a nullifying wave to block metapowers from those unworthy of them
Stolen metagenes
Turns out those women were carrying babies with the metagene
Tobias educated himself on metagenes when he was in the pit
Plus, he's stockpiling metagenes, and he took our powers
Well, Looker's a meta
Okay, there is a metahuman Her name is Looker
A metahuman did this to you, but my wife, Lynn, made a serum that set you free
Tobias has stolen metagenes from pregnant women, and he's using your RD department to do it
Tobias has stolen metagenes from pregnant women, and he's using your RD department to do it
Well, Looker's a meta
The least you could do is explain how promethium and my emitter are connected to the stolen metagene
Okay, so did you find where Monovista's manufacturing its metagene harvester?
Because, guys, I'm not allowin' this corporation to steal anymore metagenes from unborn babies
The metagene harvesting project is called Event Horizons
Not only does it contain the schematics, but also every metagene Monovista's stolen
Your seat on the Shadow Board was contingent upon securing the election and establishing control of the meta presence in Freeland
My assassin was rendered invisible through a metapower chromatophores
Metropolis, anywhere a metafreak dares to stand in my way will meet the same fate as this pixelated pissant
Right now, Tobias is using it to blanket Freeland with Val's nullifying powers, but what if we expand our parameters to focus on Val's metagenic power signature bypassing the camouflage that's creating the deposits?
And once we destroy the emitter, every meta in Freeland will regain their powers
Thanks to our new mayor, there's an energy field around Freeland nullifying all meta powers
Metaboosters
They grant ordinary human beings meta powers for a 72hour period
I want you to distribute them to the Meta Task Force
Meta powers destroyed him and your family, but your husband was a good man before the meta powers poisoned his mind and made him kill your brothers
Well, I believe the emitter's energy signature is being used as a carrier to nullify metagenes
Well, I think we can trace and nullify its metagenic sequence instead
But with Monovista harvesting metagenes from unborn babies, your daughter and her wife trying to stop that, and my emitter now nullifying meta powers
My family are metas
What if these mothers wanted to splice the metagenes back into their babies?
You and the other meta filth deserve to be wiped from the face of the Earth
You and the other meta filth deserve to be wiped from the face of the Earth
You and the other meta filth deserve to be wiped from the face of the Earth
Once we destroy the emitter, every meta in Freeland will regain their powers
You and the other meta filth deserve to be wiped from the face of the Earth
What about the Freeland PD Meta Task Force?
But that still leaves Tobias with tons and tons of shooters with DEGs, and a meta that can nullify powers at will
We have suffered from gangs and metahumans for too long
And there's a metabooster missing
I know your heart's in this COVID battle, but you can't go it alone
And I'm sure you're doing everything you can, but with the losses we sustained from treating COVID, they're watching every penny
You've been in the COVID ward for over a month, and we've had a couple nurses test positive
No Ethan yanked me off the COVID ward
COVID negative
[laughs] And never Zooms I understand
I had to move out because of the pandemic
It was, until this morning when I saw your new TikTok
What are you talking about? You guys just made that TikTok
Okay, eyes up, TikToks!
Ah, you must be delivering my 1912 Polish coronation stamp
And they had metal bats
They had metal bats
They had metal bats
Then, change the first part to the metal bat one?
January 25, 2021
It's 2021 here What year are you in?
A similar incident has occurred in 2021, and we were looking over past cases
I was speaking metaphorically
Speaking in metaphor, well, that risks misinterpretation
I was being metaphorical
It's 2021, for God's sake
Is it still 2021?
Not happy at first Then I figured it would be nice to know someone young enough to have a TikTok account
I'm gonna put this on my TikTok
Put this on TikTok?
Get this on your TikTok
Now, does it make sense for me to travel in that metal tube with all them demons?
Ukraine?
COVID sucks
I'm Lee Jiuk of Zoom In on Current Events
Hello, everyone I'm Lee Jiuk of Zoom In on Current Events
A closer look at current events With Zoom In, I am Lee Ji Wook
A closer look at current events With Zoom In, I am Lee Ji Wook
As soon as we have the results from Soeun's heavy metals analysis, we'll schedule a press conference
Hey, Ronnie, that Covidpod idea you had was genius
This Covid is getting on my nerves
They said, with Covid, the courts are on pause
Look, I'm not unsympathetic, but the reality is they can't arraign him because of Covid
Well, apparently, Mr Wallace is the only person in America who hasn't heard about this global flu pandemic
I actually have a metal detector in my truck I can grab
When we had to close this bar for COVID, I had to tap into my savings
We need the metadata from that photo
You put a patient at risk of getting COVID
He won't get COVID because my OR is spotless This is day five with the same mask
Dr Voss, how would you describe Logan Kim's performance as CEO during the pandemic?
Except, when the pandemic hit, we needed PPE
Health care workers who died in the line of duty from COVID
That's when he had an urgent spine surgery here followed by COVID19
Which means if Mullins got COVID here at Chastain
I reached out during the pandemic, and, um, you know, didn't didn't hear anything back, but, just, I'd like to try and
Because the clots could be the result of COVID
Uh, like a lot of people, the pandemic has forced me to reevaluate things, and I realize I've
And last time I checked, I didn't unleash a pandemic on the world
No, not at all, but I do want to see the chair filled with someone who can put Chastain back on its feet and overcome the losses we suffered during COVID, so I'm offering to help you in that search
Are you one of those dancing doctors on TikTok?
We would usually suggest our patients that have symptoms of metastasis to do a genetic testing first
That's a powerful metaphor
*BIG SKY* Season 01 Episode 13 Episode Title: White Lion Aired on: April 27, 2021
Well, I hope you're speaking in the metaphorical sense, because he fell or he jumped
Converted to sanitizer when the pandemic hit
This will be rubber and this will be metal
Lily Metals
Lily Metals
I take my first bite, clang, on my teeth, and I pull, and there's a metal wire
Sonny, Metal, move
Metal, on you
Metal's got me, man Thanks
Metal has you?
Go SSE with Metal and Brock
Brock, Metal, fall back!
Emergency workers will be spread thin, especially now during a worldwide pandemic
We are in the middle of a pandemic, Dylan What was I supposed to do?
Okay, I know you think that we went COVID crazy with David moving in so fast
She gave me my vaccination
I gave her this vaccine I did it for all the babies
She only cried when she was vaccinated She usually didn't cry
You know, I've used sports as a metaphor so much for my life
Sample taken from subject's hand shows nothing more than trace amounts of aluminum oxide consistent with an injury from a piece of metal
Metamorphosis, so to say
Metaphorically, of course Because we all know that Ken's knees are like this
Metallurgy on this particular Slinky indicates a manufacture date in the early sixties
A fingerlength metal object
A woman in her 70s has become the first person in the UK to die after testing positive for coronavirus
Right, I need to talk to you all about Covid19 protocols
The priority has to be keeping the residents apart, so we have to do a lockdown inside the home
In case we catch this silly Covid thing
My name's Sarah Berner and I need urgent medical assistance for a resident with Covid
You can find advice online on coronavirus and cold and flu
Please take into consideration that most patients suffering from coronavirus may only display minor symptoms and only require the same treatment as the normal cold and flu symptoms
The body which represents NHS trusts in England has warned against advising the public to wear masks, saying it could jeopardise supplies for health workers during the coronavirus pandemic
Good afternoon and welcome to Downing Street for the daily coronavirus briefing
Well, front page of the Echo you were last week Covid on the run
Lily Metals!
Lily Metals!
Metaphysically engaged! Demonically possessed!
Lockdown, baby
We are on lockdown She is in this office
I'll zoom in
COVID protocols have been working for months
Like dealing with expense reports, managing doctornurse staffing levels, let alone a distribution plan for a possible COVID vaccine
Drew Corbett, 62yearold male, eight daysplus presenting with COVID symptoms
Keep him on a highflow O2, start him on a COVID cocktail
It's not the tight ass I would've wished for, but then again, it's still a Zoom world so I guess no one's really looking anyway
COVID, though? That bug is a wildcard
Ino, no, no hospitals till I've got the vaccine
The COVID ward is completely contained
When I was in the COVID ward,
Both my parents are high risk for COVID I just didn't want to bring it into the house
Why isn't the ambo using the COVID entrance?
Hey, the ED is nowhere near the COVID
Or wanting to keep an ED functioning perfectly in the middle of a pandemic
You had to sign my vaccination form
Water, wood, earth, metal, fire!
You know how in dramas, they zoom in
I got this nifty hunk of metal from a grenade on the battlefield
Yup Got, Brock, Metal and Trent
It's a metaphor
Who's this metaphor?
Yeah, no, I know It's a metaphor
No, that's not a metaphor That's a preterition, but never mind
February 21, 2021
Zoom Ha
February 28, 2021
It's a Terminator robot, living tissue over metal endoskeleton
They're shaped like the alien robots, but but they weren't made by metal
His metal should reflect the light
I mean, if SAR comes back, we need something big and metal on our side
We thought about postponing the party until after COVID, but we didn't want to disappoint Elena
The last time I saw her, she told me to enjoy my figure while I'm young because someday my metabolism will stop, and I won't be able to wear skinny jeans anymore
But have you considered vaccine therapy?
A few minutes I've spent on TikTok
Don't think you understood the metaphor
Well, are you talking literally or metaphorically?
Oh, you have no idea how many euphemisms we focusgrouped before we hit on metaphysicallyengaged
No, what is a metaphysically?
Shoot, I thought TikTok was just a breath mint taking over the nation
It's a metaphor to explore if we know what we're actually experiencing is real
They're just TikTok stars, and a ‐He got a new client, bro
I can't believe that kid posted that on TikTok ELZ:
♪ Cameras on me, they zoomin' ♪
*DAVE* Season 02 Episode 08 Episode Title: The Burds Aired on: July 28, 2021
Come here, my sweet little metaphor
Oh Metal shoes
I'm interested in trying on some of your metal shoes
Lance, an old friend of mine, once painted me on the side of a van, wearing a metal bikini, riding a dragon
Maybe instead of being so literal, the mural could be more metaphorical?
Oh, my gosh, wherever does this metaphorical trail of menses lead?
Can you zoom in here?
How to melt down metal and somehow infuse it with magical power?
This strange metal is whispering to me
But you're so close to finding out the answer of where that little metal lump came from
And unlike the others, this isn't some metaphoric cat in a theoretical tree
It's 2021
When I was on the COVID ward,
Both tested negative for COVID in the ambo
Mr Booker was my patient in the COVID ward, and he kicked COVID's ass
That's what happened before, right? With the COVID?
I mean, taking in Auggie and then, now COVID
Metaphorical weighing of souls
You are familiar with the thought experiment the Ship of Theseus in the field of identity metaphysics?
Metallicity, 00122
Being inside your body was a metabolic nightmare
So how do you feel about vaccines?
Vaccines don't cause autism, Mom
You know, you've said that about pretty much every album since we started this little dinner ritual waaay back on day three of the lockdown
I lost Bobby so early in the COVID, you couldn't see anyone
No one even knew how to Zoom Shiva yet
Well, when they shut down all the gyms during the COVID,
But we lost a year to COVID
That's Ashley, the 17yearold Long Island TikTok star he manages
I put up a TikTok
Well, you put up about 10 TikToks today, so
We all were in the pandemic, and
Wow, thank God this Zoomer doesn't know how to express himself
I get the metaphor
I'm really invisible, not just metaphorically No way!
Zoom in, Bosco!
Okay, now zoom in
Sometimes there's a flood, a tornado, or a pandemic
So, if there has to be a global pandemic or something, I'm ready for it
Pandemics with you
With these coronations, I want to send a message of unity to everyone
You will leave as soon as the coronations are over
and the rest after the coronation
LOCKDOWN SOLIDARITY
My dad says COVID lines his undies with gold
Dad hopes she'll go bust, or die of COVID
He's applauding COVID
It's a pandemic, Claire
COVID
She doesn't respect the lockdown
She has COVID
Pandemic, pandemic
Pandemic, pandemic
Before this lockdown dream
The first test of the vaccine on rodents is inconclusive
Rodent C assimilated the vaccine dose and survived very briefly
For a vaccine, Louise!
Urinalysis and vaccine research together in the same place!
My wife has COVID
I must test my antiCOVID vaccine
Paola has COVID?
There's a lab in the States testing a vaccine
The vaccine is my priority
Sometimes, before the lockdown, I'd sign autographs
Pandemic, pandemic
Pandemic, pandemic
COVID
Pandemic, pandemic
Pandemic, pandemic
Pandemic, pandemic
Pandemic, pandemic
Pandemic, pandemic
Pandemic
The pandemic
Pandemic?
As in COVID?
Pam Dimmick Pandemic Articulate
Victoire, go to your room and meet your friend on Zoom, or whatever you want
Death by COVID, without having caught it, is dumb!
I can't take off my mask outside during a pandemic!
I'm helping her during the lockdown
The subject, a female guinea pig, has just received the second vaccine dose
Pandemic, pandemic
Kendji Girac reposted Pandemic, Pandemic!
Or if you die of COVID
I feel like I have COVID
We got a call about someone at this address who isn't observing lockdown
Someone's breaking lockdown
The lockdown
I read on the net, nicotine protects against coronavirus
Pandemic, pandemic
The vaccine, the rest
He'll find the vaccine
The lockdown made things a bit complicated
Is it COVID?
Pandemic
Pandemic
She can't stand the lockdown
And COVID?
Drop a dime on the North African who doesn't party with us during lockdown?
This is a lockdown, shame on you
Following the injection of Gabriel vaccine on human subject side effects observed
He spit his COVID in my face!
Vaccine?
We have COVID already
I can't tell her I have COVID
I don't want to die of COVID!
Sudden muscle spasms following the injection of Gabriel vaccine on human subject caused by a reaction to actin and myosin filament toxins, period
You vaccinated them
Uh, we produce a little for vaccines but that amount could kill billions
Easy to point fingers at a vaccine when symptoms could have been caused by myriad factors in the field
And my personal favorite, a recombinantprotective antigen vaccine they don't even wanna fund!
No, these projections are for 2023, so
I have not done my own hair and nails and waxing for the better part of a year just to get COVID from some rank motel off I81
If I can't be in the delivery room because of stupid COVID, then I demand personalized, individualized updates
I mean, it's as if she's never had a woman giving birth to her onenightstand baby with the adoptive mother as the birth partner in the middle of a global pandemic
I'm not sure, but it was around 2021 when the uploaders appeared
In 2021, the uploader was invented
Cagney and Lacey keep trying to trick me into falling down the stairs on TikTok
I mean, he did skip a Boyle family Zoom last summer
But then I thought about your metaphor about how relationships are like a chess match
But not over the will Pappy was mad at me for missing that Zoom call this summer
Yeah, the pandemic was really hard on my industry
There's a ladder and there's a metal hatch located on the top of the water tank
So it's literally a piece of square metal with a lip on it that kind of fits over this hole in the top of the tank
How was she able to get this metal hatch back into position and closed on top of there?
People discovered he's a death metal musician,
The music that I do is called black metal
And if you actually zoom in on those particular dates, you'll see that they both say the 18th and not 15th and 18th, so, it was just it's just a a misread
Yeah, the metaphor is not subtle, but it nails the point
She can't have COVID, can she?
I wanted to take her to the hospital, but she was afraid we were gonna catch COVID again
Zoom in
A lot of vaccines have been developed
Because I have a Zoom with China, and I don't like the background in there
When's the big Zoom? One
Like today, I've got Zooms all afternoon
All right, I'm gonna start my Zoom
Zooming with China?
Since the pandemic, people are freaking out about germs, and there's nothing filthier than cash
The restaurant had yet to get back on its feet postCOVID, so repairing the cameras was a deferred cost
After COVID, no one's got the cash to buy truffles
You know, you could post a video on TikTok and see what he comments
Shoot I gotta hop on a Zoom with a gastroenterologist in Hamburg
What did the caterpillar emoji on my TikTok mean?
I gotta prep for a flower Zoom with a dude in Austria
My head is clamped into some metal restraint
Oh Studying metaontological dichotomies
This is vomit of metal, not art
Metal shop
Well, I thought, given the security lockdown,
Anyway, xray also revealed some sort of odd metallic object
I'm sorry, my chef, he moved back to Texas when COVID hit,
Heavy Metal!
Something tells me this isn't the right car I think the COVID tester, is crushing on you
I detect a COVID crush
That metal thing I was holding
I was, I was scrolling through TikTok, and, and then I was listening to a podcast
The metabolic age of a 51 —year—old?
I'm assuming I was the ground chuck in that metaphor
It's hard to get students to focus, especially when they miss several Zoom classes
Paul Beller, 35, COVID negative
COVID negative GCS 14
He did not need this pandemic Mm
So analysis of the samples we sent to Pathology show a very aggressive cancer which, unfortunately, has metastasized
There's a restaurant in my neighborhood opening up in a couple of weeks for those that have gotten vaccinated
Took a look at the security footage Shows them making off with one of those metal tankers over there
COVID has broken down the usual chemical supply chain
In Norway in 2021?
If I could manage to extract these properties from her blood and then begin to produce a vaccine
I forgot to get a metal pot to burn them in Hey, that's all good
So that was right around the beginning of the pandemic
The city's on lockdown?
Well, due to COVID and pods and stuff, they said one of the lieutenants could do it
And even if you could get there, we're in a pandemic, remember?
With this pandemic and the one back then
For, COVID
Camera No 1 Zoom in on Detective Ko Moochi
Please zoom in here
I'll zoom in and send it over to you
Zoom in on Ko Moochi's face
I can't tell where the photo was taken because it's completely zoomed in
Let's zoom in
I felt something cold, like a piece of metal
A piece of metal?
Iron means metal, like a metal weapon
Zoom in, please Yes, sir
Please zoom in here
Please zoom in here
Mixing your metaphors
Hey, well, these tight quarters? No way you're gonna be able to escape Full Metal's night terrors
All right, look, we know they're on their way here, so, Clay, Sonny, Brock, Metal, split up, take 'em out before they get here
Hey, Full Metal What up?
Metal, help him up Hey, keep it down
Brock, Metal, take the backside of hostage target
All right, Clay, Metal
Metal's making a run for the SUV Clear a path
Yeah, Metal! Full Metal! That's it
Go, Metal Go, go, go!
Between you, me and Metal, it was a true
Metal, how high is this on the fun meter?
We got to move left Clay, Metal, on me
Metal, check the wash
Metal, collapse to meMoving
Metal, move!
Metal's still outside
It's Metal
Come on, Metal
That was Clay popping shots off on that berm! Must mean Metal's down!
Metal's more machine than man He'll be fine
Metal doesn't have time
Door gunner's good He just took a ricochet to the plate, knocked the wind out of him How's Metal?
You got Metal stabilized You've done everything you can
Hold Metal down!
How bad is Metal?
Pandemic, the surge
If the last year of lockdown has taught us anything, it's that deeper connections are more important than ever, right?
I'm a personal trainer, I'm an influencer on TikTok, and that's basically my life
That's PornHub Not TikTok
I post a lot of different kinds of videos on TikTok
This program was filmed in compliance with quarantine guidelines to prevent the spread of COVID19
Brian, I'd like you to meet my fiancée that I ordered from the Ukraine, the soontobe Zlata Griffin
Captain Kramer, while supportive of your transparency, you have been criticized for your decision to disband the city's metatask force
Some people thinking that it will increase metacrime across the city
Once I came to terms with being a meta, it helped me realize how important it is for everyone in Central City to receive equal protections under the same laws
So you felt as though the metatask force was unfairly targeting marginalized sections of the populace
They were Central City's very first metathreat
This is the kind of case the metatask force would've been assigned to
Allen, does me being a meta make working for me more difficult?
You went from juvenile delinquent to voice of the people, and I'm talking about your writing, not your metapowers
Look, I know that it's scary, but think how you leveled up as a meta
Passed four years ago after the meta fallout nearly took out the city
is the name of a meta criminal in National City
Xotar's a meta?
A psychic meta who controls her victims' minds and drives them crazy
Right before it happened, I intercepted a meta called Xotar
What are the odds a meta who commits telepathic assaults on people shows up the same day Despero claims I'm going to lose my mind?
Okay, uh, guys, now CCPD is reporting that the Flash is getting his butt kicked downtown by some meta magician that's got him suspended in midair
But she was in metacuffs when you destroyed City Hall
We were rotting in there, ready to catch the Covid, until he showed up
Because of the pandemic, we have determined that the jury will be sequestered and observe the proceedings on video feeds
He went to Iran? One of the worst hit Covid areas in the world?
You two got your second COVID shots?
As well as food, clothing, COVID vaccinations
COVID truther
Of course, though, I've got the timetable the council sent stuck on the fridge
Working from home since the pandemic hit
Alcohol, Zoom, psychics
In COVID, these businesses are booming
Heard about your 2021 listening tour
Why did I end up with your dysfunction and not your metabolism?
Metaphorically I don't know
Go on TikTok or whatever the kids are doing
So but you want to be able to change out the curtains from season to season, so the rod needs to be metal but lighter
It looks like the streets are running red with blood and metaphors
2021_09ó29
To live in 2021, they're gonna have a nervous breakdown
I was stuck here leading scrap metal drives while you were carrying on with that trollop in army HQ
Temple Square is at this moment under lockdown
It'd be aged on a metal screen, with suction pulling down from the front of the document to the back with an old vacuum cleaner
And no one got COVID from the Eucharist spoon
So timely for this pandemic 15 lei
I think it's metabolic, it's not what she eats
[Truth] truth itself stepped / among men, right into the / metaphorflurry
[Social distancing] During the 2020 COVID19 pandemic: 1,5 metres
[Metaphor]
We have gathered here, despite the pandemic, in our ospedale degli innocenti, as we call it, because you wanted to discuss a situation unusual for our prestigious school
We're letting a dirty Arab enslave us with his pandemic dictatorship and inject fear in the man of today
she carefully went between my testicles and the metal wash basin
Ma, we're in the middle of a pandemic You can't just show up at people's houses
Ma, it's a pandemic
DARPA initiated a program to develop a serum that could turn a soldier's flesh into metal
Filed right before the pandemic
How many vaccines were inside? Almost 1,000 vials
Lab confirms the tumor wasn't metastatic
Sometimes it's so bad that the breastbone presses against the heart, and you got to break away the sternum, you got to crack open the ribs, prop it open with metal bars
I'm vaccinated, but you need to leave
That big metal beast out there doing all the clanking stamps the code, then sends it on down the line to the others to be sorted accordingly
I'm the one here who's worked on not one, but two anthrax vaccines and I just
I wanna help people and save lives like my anthrax vaccine
MAN: Helped me out with some vaccine research
So our subject Bruce Ivins was really proud of his work with anthrax vaccines
You know, in his mind, hes saving tens of thousands of lives by making people beg to be vaccinated
Financial reasons made me do it, make money off new vaccine
Vaccines
You started a metaphor not knowing where you were going, didn't you?
And I'll teach Shakespeare using dances from TikTok
And the pandemic made it longer
This is a oneofakind, infiniteload, metacarpal special
Well do have any gizmos that can zoom us around, huh? Do you?
I've unfollowed Alma on Instagram, Twitter and TikTok
Because someone at Chastain told Mullins I lied to him to get him to the OR, putting him at risk for COVID
Metallic substances were found in Mom's Love, a popular baby snack made by Joa Confectionery
Metallic substances were found in a premium baby snack made by Joa Confectionery
The Ministry of Food and Drug Safety believes that the metallic substances were mixed in during the manufacturing process
Joa Confectionery regarding the metallic substances
Because of COVID I wasn't able to travel
What will be the world like after the pandemic?
There will be no personal relationships anymore, like it was during the pandemic
We explored the future of our youngsters while a modern pandemic changed their dreams and moods
They're coronafree
It may not look like much to the naked eye, but this piece of wood potentially reframes 828 as no longer a mere bewildering oneoff, but as the next crucial piece in a metaphysical puzzle stemming back millennia
A metal bull, used to torture and execute people?
You never got the DPT vaccine
A metal detector?
Isn't that a metal detector?
These magnets attract all the metals around them
Camera, zoom!
We will now begin the trial for case number 202130184,
All I've got is 40% loss of income, a fiveway split on a piece of shit bank job, and a face full of metal brads
March 09, 2021 Mr Kim?
I'll get a metal chopstick
Oh, this song made me tiktok famous!
But with Facetime and Zoom and your visits, you will be a part of Anna's life
That's a good metaphor for adulthood, right?
My neighbor had the bright idea of starting a Metallica tribute band
[footsteps approaching] [metal gate clanks]
[metal clanks]
The red infrared light, the cold air, the metallic chromium inside the holding area walls, these are all methods of tamping down Blackfire's energy
It's a fucking metaphor!
It was dark Everything was cold and smooth, like metal
As a metaphor for trauma I'm still trying to get underneath that
Episode Title: Who's Brian Now? Aired on: April 11, 2021
And they would inject the liquid metal of mercury into the penis and through to the bladder
Sue, I can't unravel a metaphor right now, okay?
Well, what you're gonna miss out on, if you stopped eating seafood, is you're gonna miss out on all that toxic heavy metal
And so if you look at the number one source of dioxin exposure, of toxic heavy metal exposure, PCB exposure, of hexachlorobenzene, plastics compounds, flameretardant chemicals
They've had a bunch of COVID outbreaks in the past
I am sorry, but because of COVID restrictions, we can only let people needing medical attention inside
We need a lot of metal wires
Look, COVID has been a A bitch
She drove overnight in a pandemic to be here for me because
If the corona virus pandemic doesn't wipe us out, the opiate epidemic will
Pardon me, but the pod's projected path is Vancouver, British Columbia, 2023
Uh, yeah, Rory, we time jumped to 2023 Opened a portal to Lita's future
This is all scrap metal
Bailey said you'd need some help covering the COVID ICU since
I literally spend all day every day at work wanting to walk out that door just to go off into the woods by myself hiking for three months until there's a vaccine
There's not gonna be a vaccine in three months
Rapid COVID was negative, no signs of head trauma, but I did order a pan scan
I'm not getting COVID Where are my clothes?
We're in a pandemic
Not COVID
It's like, during a pandemic, shouldn't all the other tragic crap take a break?
My parents are going ahead with their second wedding even though there's a pandemic, so they'll probably get sick and die
This pandemic has taken so much
♪ Zoom, zoom in Ferraris, fly me around the globe, huh ♪
Radio DJ: Zoom, zoom, zoom, that was Nasty Girl,
♪ Zoom, zoom in Ferraris
♪ Zoom, zoom in Ferraris, fly me around the globe, huh ♪
Welcome to 2021
Well, his COVID test was negative
like a metaphor?
And I saw a metal briefcase cuffed to his wrist, and tattoos on his chest written in Kazakh
WeHo Sunset, no OJ, extra grenadine, two lime wedges, splash of soda, sugarfree cola, grapefruit bitters, 12 cherries, two frozen grapes, metal straw
Oh my God, it's 2021, Giselle, no one listens to messages, just text me
Thanks to Covid, uh, this has actually been the most stimulating conversation
Seems like Covid would have her busy as ever right now
You are in the metaphysical world
I think it might be a metaphor
Bit on the nose for a metaphor
This blade is strong enough to cut through anything Cool Even metal
And then the pandemic hit
Doors Opening, Doors Closing *THE RESIDENT* Aired on: April 13, 2021
That's really an elaborate metaphor
No, II guess you didn't see the Zoom link, then, on the back of the
I have been vaccinated
And if you thought that was exciting, in two days, the module's gonna come zooming back to Earth with the astronauts and it going 25,000 miles per hour, and everybody's hoping that it doesn't, um,
FYI, I've been vaccinated, twice
Aired on: March 23, 2021
The daily body count of COVID patients could exceed that of 9/11 in the upcoming mon âª Fini la musique, la foule dÃ©file âª
Hang on, zoom in on that guy
But he erased everything Hard drive, meta data
The WiFi password is KellerCan2021
I've written metafiction I saw that movie with Will Ferrell and Emma Watson
Your timetable will be accelerated
We can have tea and discuss life prepandemic, and we don't have to be covered in puke alone for an afternoon
Irene insisted on moving down here when the pandemic started, and we drive each other mad
Well, not much to see in a pandemic
There's a global pandemic
You're saying that the pandemic
That was his plan he wanted to make us all laugh, because the baby had been keeping us up all night and the pandemic was all over the news, and none of us were having any fun at all,
COVID!
When COVID hit, seeing people lose whole families in a week we knew we had to be careful 'cause of Arthur's heart condition
Longstanding community organizations that have been providing housing and wraparound services for people who test positive for COVID in lowincome neighborhoods
This pandemic feels like Satan has designed the perfect set of circumstances to make sobriety seem impossible
Months of rehab, alone in an apartment during a pandemic
It's a metaphor, numbnuts!
The hunger's just a metaphor!
A metaphor for what?
Sheet metal got his leg
It occurred on November 10th, 2022 Hey
Who lays off an EMT in the middle of a pandemic?
Killed, two weeks ago Ukraine terrorist bombing
There That sheet metal factory's a good place to hide
I bet he didn't know enough to delete his GPS metadata
Speaking of videos, what do you know about TikToks?
My daughter's into these TikTok videos
You know why they call it TikTok, don't you?
He did counterintelligence for Ukraine, and he worked for a bunch of Russian oligarchs
The question remains, what does being trapped in a giant metal box mean for Wall Street?
Episode Title: The Girl From Chicago Aired on: June 13, 2021 Dr Kwame, Kevin has lost his mind
Zoom into the pen there
Can you zoom into his wrist, maybe?
Yeah, we're shipping them out of state day after tomorrow so they can be melted down for scrap metal
God, I hate COVID
Well, we're in the middle of a pandemic, and we're first responders, and it's a way to help our community
Our communities do not need to be questioning who they can turn to in the middle of a pandemic
Even in a pandemic, we were good
Exactly, she lost her brother in the pandemic
We're in a catastrophe in a pandemic!
At first, it was just so we'd have guaranteed COVIDfree sex
It's my visa expiring, and Maya, and Iit's the pandemic
And our mother figure, I guess, is in the COVID ICU at GreySloan, and they're taking her off the vent
Because of a pandemic
My nonna, my uncles, all gone because of COVID, and Andrea
Tested negative for COVID in the ambo
Maggie said you requested me for the COVID ICU
Was cooped up for over a year But now that I'm finally vaccinated, I'll take any excuse I can to leave the house
Okay She died three weeks into lockdown
I don't have coronavirus
But same time, with the pandemic, nursing and med school enrollments have surged
Oh Ms COVID is a Hoax?
No, that won't work COVID attacks your
It's not COVID!
COVID is a hoax
A dream pandemic venue Mm
fully vaccinated
Come on, Soph You can take those lessons on Zoom
Gotta love the coronavirus traffic
Uh, Dr Stein told me that I should not be traveling because of this pandemic
All it took was a global pandemic to bring out the best in people
April 18, 2021
Zoom!
Well, I got some meta data, though
Well, I finally cracked the meta data from Matthew's phone
Plastic, metal,Â biowaste
No, like a metamour date
We've just barely got our bearings in this pandemic
No, I almost called in a sub, honestly, but we're barely hanging on with COVID, so I figured they'll need me
Speaking of which, did you read my proposal for setting up the free COVID testing and treatment site for lowincome patients?
You want us to wait till COVID's over before we can open a COVID site, Mom?
Mr Anderson, is it possible that you've been exposed to COVID19?
Chest Xray, lower extremity duplex, and a COVID test
COVID
I intubated a COVID patient on the fly the other day
We just pulled a hunk of metal out of this woman, and you're seriously being super positive right now?
Your COVID test came back positive
YYou have what's being referred to as COVIDtoe
COVIDtoe?
COVIDtoe?
It's a metal bullet encased in rubber fired from a gun at a human being
He thinks COVID is a scam to trick people into thinking they need treatment, and then we make them sicker by not treating them for the things they dohave
I mean, look at how much coronavirus has given us
The groom is carrying some serious metaphysical baggage
Is there a reason that you're breaking COVID protocol and bothering me first thing in the morning?
Or He wants to be pandemic sex friends
Yeah, he's the perfect candidate for a COVIDfriendly mrrgh
I don't need a pandemic sex buddy
With COVID going on,
They have a kind of metaphysics, it's true, but it is a crude and selfserving one, and as far as I can tell, most of them don't believe it themselves
His fatsoaked coronary sealant
You've got to get your boss to enact lockdown protocols
He said he saw Mills reach for something metallic in his pocket
Uh, it was your metaphor I was just kind of going with it No
It's GabriMarta2021 now
KIM HEUNGSIK BALLET COMPANY 2021 ANNUAL SHOW, NAVILLERA
It's total lockdown
Well, you can't break the lockdown That's totally indefensible
And we promised to meet back here, thinking the lockdown would only last the two weeks
Okay, he had COVID, he had open heart surgery, then he battled through a hellish rehab
Gay men can't donate convalescent plasma for COVID right now
You refilled this hospital's blood bank in under a month during a pandemic
What I did or did not do with Lana Horowitz in my neighbor's treehouse is totally irrelevant because we weren't in the middle of a pandemic
He's been so crazy during COVID
You know that we had to wait for the COVID test results to come back before we could visit, okay?
Otherwise, you're gonna be late for your Zoom class
Even if we weren't in the middle of a pandemic
April 20, 2021 16yearold female Lisa McBride
Mm PreCOVID
So right now, she needed to throw down some metaphorical tire spikes
I just want to watch three TikToks, max
Oh, no, no, it's not COVID
During a global pandemic, Max?
Please don't tell me that we're short on vaccines again
Toss 1,000 vaccines?
We are not tossing 1,000 vaccines Too many people still need them
Vaccinated
Because I'm taking these vaccines
We need to get this vaccine to the people who can't come to the hospital or won't, to the holdouts and to the communities who are literally dying at twice the rate because they're being vaccinated at half the pace
These vaccines expire in six hours
Guys, I'm telling you, this vaccine is so worth it, okay?
All I got is a history of you killing us, and I still got the vaccine
I'm already vaccinated
Even though you sued me, I still got the vaccine from you
I hear there's doctors and nurses that don't want the vaccine
I fully support the vaccine effort
Millions of people have already been safely vaccinated
Not getting the vaccine could hurt someone else
Unvaccinated?
We're never gonna have herd immunity, we're never gonna be safe until everyone is vaccinated
I have 1,000 vaccines ready to go and only one hour to deliver them to I don't know who, so I'm asking you, please, to round up as many holdouts as you can and meet me in the conference room
These vaccines have expired They're no good anymore
This morning, I had 1,000 vaccines and a line of people ready to take 'em, and that wasn't enough for me
Luna, Mina vaccines, this hospital
I see you've had COVID Yeah
On and off since I had COVID, but it's gotten worse the past few days
Right before COVID, we just started trying to get pregnant
We've seen it in patients who've recovered from COVID
Gang fight broke out Neighborhood's on lockdown
Mr and Mrs Forbes, I spent a long time in the COVID ward
He worked as an assistant foreman for 23 years at Galloway Metals
On site, Galloway Metals, 2133 Rexford Road
He had an uncle that used to work at Galloway Metals
It's time to retire that metaphor
No The story is a metaphor for hope
Must have been so terrifying, falling out of the sky in a metal tube
Anything made with this metal will be invisible to radar
I'm just glad I didn't miss her big postCOVID sendoff She is one of us
Then COVID hit, and I figured, if the world's ending,
Because COVID
The pandemicis the sand, and it's pushed its way into all of our homes, but it doesn't mean it has to ruin everything
May 23, 2021
Focus on some breath mints Zoom
May 16, 2021
But the COVID lockdown's been hard
That's all right, it's just like being back in lockdown
UWAI METALWARE
Costumes, Coronas, and candy, and we're not talking MMs
I despise sports metaphors
Coronado red Just put on a fresh coat last month
Her cancer had metastasized
I'm on lockdown
The woman both didn't believe COVID was real and was blaming my mom for it
I know that since COVID, hate crimes against Asian Americans have spiked like crazy
Sorry, but the station tours are cancelled because of COVID
Because some freeloader was blaring shitty Metallica all night
Aired on: July 02, 2021
Aired on: June 18, 2021
Earlier on Zoom, this girl Jen
You're trying to prevent COVID, not rob a stagecoach
This was just in early March, right before the pandemic
We can't go through the water drainage system of the boy's brain because that would mean having to puncture the ventricular wall at the thalamus, and we can't follow the injury pathway using MRI guidance because the metal in the bullet rules out the MRI
Can learn how to use Twitter It's not that hard Don't do TikTok
He came home to Ukraine, and he survived Chernobyl, radiation sickness only to die in America at the hand of a friend
The further we get,Â the tighter the vice around Cobra Kai's metaphorical balls
She's vaccinated, in the program, and
Corona test negative
We've got more fake coronavirus cures out there
You all got the vaccine The rest of us just do what we can
And obvs it's working 'cause I'm, like, COVIDfree, right?
Making her think she had COVID
All right, zoom in
I guess there's a big backlog due to COVID
Admin is mandating these little mental health checkins, you know, for all ED personnel during the pandemic
Gideon, let's go visit Sara, Kansas City 2021
Spooner, do you have anything that can shoot through metal?
As for eyewitnesses, COVID
COVID?
Not many people walk by the area at night, and COVID reduced the number further
Hidaka has a fever, and it might be COVID?
First of all, Hidaka being sick with COVID might be a lie
Mochizuki, did you get tested for COVID?
In April, 2023 2023
Like, you know, for COVID
I wanted to come personally to congratulate you on your coronation
But the coronation must not take place before the execution
At my coronation, you will swear allegiance to me
Good luck with your purely informational Zoom meeting
I'm vaccinated You're vaccinated
Inmate 2023, it's your court day
I heard Inmate 2023 made a big scene at the inspection
Good for you, Inmate 2023 They're redoing the autopsy
Inmate 2023 was attacked by a thug he arrested as a prosecutor
Inmate 2023 came just as the attacker was swearing to kill him
Are you teaching me a lesson through the rhetorical device of metaphor?
Oh, and if you zoom in, you can see Tucker Carlson playing in the background
Walking real slow, staring at that chunk of metal
For this metaphor, it is
It was a week ago We watched a cool TikTok
But anyone who watches the TikTok dies after seven days
Bart, have you heard about this deadly TikTok?
Then I watched that TikTok eight times
Psst I know about your infernal TikTok
This is more than I put on for Zoom
BROCKMAN: (over TV) Police describe the mysterious assailant as a grim metaphor for a universe without justice That's the maydiddlyaniac who's got Homer
Let us begin the trial of case number 2021GD523, with Jin Hyeongu as the defendant, for publication of facts of suspected crime
We will now commence the hearing for Case 2021HG817, a constitutional review of Article 126 of the Criminal Code
CRIMINAL TRIAL FEBRUARY 2021
But do you think that a mother, who willingly abandoned her child, would choose the type 4 vaccine over type 3, which is free, when she was struggling financially?
Because it's rare to die after getting a vaccine
So, as of November 26th, 2021, the date the plaintiff filed the complaint, the statute of limitations of five years on this loan has already expired
[metal clangs loudly] [hissing] [gasps]
These tumors can metastasize quickly, which means there's no time to lose
And I didn't want to be one of those added things on top of the pandemic to deal with
But II took a rapid test It's not COVID
She's been sick before, obviously, but, like, COVID just makes everything feel so big
Versus driving in a blackout to GreySloan in a pandemic?
I was gonna branch out into other parts of the state, and then, ah, COVID
I did everything I could to keep this place open after COVID hit
It's not gonna change after COVID We know that
I meant it metaphorically
Yeah, yeah, yeah According to the meta data, this picture was taken 90 seconds after the shooting
I mean, just work and COVID, life, you know?
Bye Remind me never to plan a wedding in the middle of a pandemic again
It's a metal refinery
This is a beautiful metaphor
Yes, that's a beautiful metaphor
You know, if you'd get the COVID19 vaccine, you wouldn't have to be so nervous about guests
Think about it He's been shut in from COVID this whole time
There's a thing now where kids are eating Rutherford batteries on TikTok
Elon Musk is dumb, and he needs to pay his taxes
Both, it's a metaphor
I treated him for COVID a couple months back at the urban Indian health clinic I work at on my time off
Turns out you canchange careers in the middle of a pandemic, I guess
Indigenous communities have already lost so many elders to COVID
So, get some rest, and we'll be back soon and set you up with the, uh, timehonored COVID tradition of meeting new family members over video chat
What I'm saying is, this pandemic isn't just affecting people who get sick and die
You know, I lost, uh, six roommates when I was being treated for COVID
I got accepted in the vaccine trial
I oversee West Coast vaccine trials for Quimby
And, uh, sorry about the joke Little vaccine humor Ohh
Even though I've read all the articles about the vaccine twice
We can't give you the vaccine if you do
Does that make the vaccine more effective?
Any side effects from the vaccine or?
But then COVID comes along, and Skyler moves back in with me, and I think, Alright
Maybe it's the pandemic or the fact that I felt really connected to Luna's mom
Uh, so, New Zealand has COVID pretty much wiped out
I hate that the pandemic has our hands tied right now, but we are two very smart people
I've been plagued with forever due to COVID
I get COVIDtested three times a week, and I only go to work and home, and I don't even set foot inside a grocery store
Wouldn't let us take his vitals, but we were able to get a saliva swab, COVID negative
It's used to shape sheet metal
[ Metal detector squeals ]
Just to get in or out, you must go through two arches with metal detectors and armed security guards
Because no other metal's gotten so many people killed ♪ Vanderlyle crybaby cry ♪ as the one that we use when we propose to someone
No other metal has caused this much pain
We've combed 25 km of pipes with metal detectors and found nothing
And to minimize the risks, you have to make sureÂ that no moron will come around looking for coins with a metal detector someday
Could you zoom in?
Zoom in here, on the main screen
And this small difference of metals will be just another state secret
May 09, 2021
However repellent it may seem, this ceaseless metamorphosis, this visible lifeindeath, is what gave me the courage to finally set foot on his corpse
Now is the time to set as a target for 2021, 2022,
We call it novel entities, and it is everything from nuclear waste to persistent organic pollutants to loading of heavy metals toÂ microplastics
The COVID19 pandemic
It's not healthy nature that causes pandemics
COVID19, I feel, has made us understand for the first time that,
The appearance of COVID19 was a clear warning that all is not well with our planet
Metaphysical
We're in a pandemic, after all
Excuse my metaphor
She's talking about TikTok again Help
What a beautiful waterfall metaphor
♪ Making a literal difference Metaphorically ♪
♪ Making a literal difference Metaphorically ♪
♪ Now all these fucking zoomers ♪
♪ Obama sent the immigrants To vaccinate your kids ♪
Burning metal rods up his ass, right?
Satan as metaphor?
Or a pandemic
Yes, a pandemic
No regurgitation, flow in both coronary arteries
COVID hit, and she moved back in
This is not how the U S Government works and definitely not how it works in the middle of a pandemic
You're my home, and I'm being kicked out of my home in the middle of a pandemic
IIn the middle of a pandemic?
They did the same thing when COVID hit
I got a text, what, 20 times that the president was gonna declare martial law and the country was gonna go into lockdown
And the country went into lockdown
Episode Title: Past, Present, Future Aired on: May 18, 2021
During the pandemic, Hermoso Dia closed
He has sickle cell disease and both his parents lost their jobs during the pandemic
It got us safe and effective COVID vaccines and now it's gonna help a lot of people with sickle cell anemia
It's like a metaphor about capitalism
When I was in the COVID Ward, I saw a lot of films that looked just like that
Lead's in the coronary sinus
They were traces of COVID DNA in the lungs
I have COVID?
No, you do not have COVID
It's a pandemic You're not even wearing a mask
Yep I mean, now it's on Zoom, but yep
Are people buying things in a pandemic?
But then lockdown happened, so I thought I got out of it, but then she brought it up again, and so now I have to do it on Zoom
I opened up the Zoom and I saw it back there, and I was like
And now I get to sit here and eat delicious vegetable curry and talk to you over Zoom
Why, because of COVID?
I don't think it gets much more macro than a global pandemic
Poach some of those TikTok psychos, you know?
It's not from therapy It's from mental health TikTok
We're calling because Tyrell Epps didn't log in to his Zoom classes today
I mean, it was pedal to the metal You know, we were all over the place
It's a metaphor
Still liked my TikToks
Did they just call you a witch? I gave them vaccination shots last time I saw them
As of this moment, Operation Choongjung will change its focus from suppression to total lockdown
We'll just stay until the lockdown is over
(Seoul, 2021)
2021 The first May
Roberta told me to stick Vanusa's songs up my ass and that I was banned from Metamorphosis
Cut it out with the food metaphors
Episode Title: #YumYum Aired on: May 14, 2021
It's a metaphor, Jo
Metaphorically, Carol
I lost a good friend a year ago and then lost more to COVID and then spent a lot of time denying I had an issue
Yeah, well, you know, it's easier that way with COVID
Do you think that Madison's gonna have a coronary?
Zoom in
Just got off a Zoom call with him
Rome, even if COVID restrictions were to lift tomorrow, with my concussion,
Nothing like getting engaged and then sending your fiancée into the COVID hot spot two days later
If by holding up, you mean stuffing my face with cookies every chance I get to avoid thinking about the fact that Carina is heading into the belly of the COVID beast and that the immigration system is as broken as the justice system,
I mean, as much fun as four weeks in a pandemic hell and and two weeks of quarantine was, this is a tiny, tiny bit better
People often ask what I've learned from surviving COVID
Oh, sorry Keep forgetting it's COVID and you can't just touch people
Okay, we admitted 10 patients last night with COVID symptoms
I don't have a lot of experience listening to lungs that have recovered from COVID, and I think it'll be really beneficial to my education
COVID's just a numbers game
COVID?
Oh, well, Gerlie's postCOVID complications are far more instructional
I need the money for stupid adoption legal fees and a familysized home, but nobody wants my shares because hospitals are just bleeding money during the pandemic and it's, quote, the worst investment of all time
I was just hoping that dying patients who've recovered from COVID were eligible for lung transplants
But Gerlie recovered from COVID Hey, she might recover from this
[metals clanging] [cart rolling] [exhales]
And so whatever was an issue for you before COVID19 became, uh, magnified
Went through a divorce, went through losing my business, went through COVID
So this idea of what COVID19 has done to people along with this isolation and its deprivation for so many areas of our lives,
I don't know how long everybody's gonna be in quarantine or if we're gonna go in lockdown
Two meters apart, hand sanitizer, masks, COVID tested, everything for them to have this experience
Sort of this acknowledgement, but also this uplift of, we are actually 100% in this together, and if we weren't before COVID, we 100% are now
It's like zooming in on the present moment to a cellular, atomic level
They didn't really have enough time to make friends before the pandemic, and
In about two months, my lab will receive another grant to move forward on mRNA technology and its role in vaccine development, as well as treating various cancers
Pandemic casualty
I, um I got COVID
Come on, it's a celebration of life and and survival and vaccines and the ability to gather together again and to hug and be human
It's just a big hunk of metal We'll get another one
Lockdown begins in 60 seconds
Lockdown begins in 30 seconds
Lockdown begins
Please! Lockdown is in effect
The facility is under attack, and has been put into lockdown
The compound is currently on lockdown, with enemy militia on the outside trying to break in
He has a metal detector
The facility is on lockdown
Lockdown's over
Case number 202131086
The metal piece was heavy
October 03, 2021
[slamming] [metal clanking]
[sighs] [metal clanks]
[metal clanking]
Um, before the pandemic, I, uh, created a recipe f‐for apple soufflé, and I was planning on introducing it to the menu, but
and received a cardiac angiogram, but a coronary artery bypass graft was performed due to his stent stricture
But if you zoom in on that photo, you're gonna see that the knife is completely clean
There has to be something wrong with your metabolism
*THE OWL HOUSE* Season 02 Episode 02 Episode Title: Escaping Expulsion Aired on: June 19, 2021
*THE OWL HOUSE* Season 02 Episode 03 Episode Title: Echoes of the Past Aired on: June 26, 2021
Now look for a little metal thingamabob
A past connection that left its mark on your soul has shown up again and is asking you to shed your old ways and enter a metamorphosis, becoming the spiritual leader you're meant to be
But I think just as people thought that we might finally have a serious debate about climate change policy in this country, COVID hit
I watched in sore amazement as the Morrison government dealt with the COVID crisis
We had this very severe lockdown that had enormous economic impact
The spending in response to coronavirus has been historic
We're getting a snapshot of our postcoronavirus economy
What is the world going to do to come out of the COVID recession?
People started talking about a green COVID recovery
We can't go from the COVID frying pan into the climate fire
I mean, what if a metahuman abducted him at the last second or he got swapped with like, a Mirror clone?
Signs of a metaabduction?
Got a job for me, Ms MetaAttorney?
It's like metajuicing, only ten times better
Thawne is tricking you I came here from 2021
When you created a portal, it drew me to 2021 also
Is that why you're here in 2021?
You never said why you came to 2021 But I'm guessing it's important
Zoom in There
The knives weren't made of metal?
He was at war with a couple companies who had their conventions canceled by the pandemic
Booking event space in Vegas preCOVID was a cutthroat business
A metal detector That's a good idea
By the way, I found something you were looking for, and I better give it to you before we go through the metal detector
I had this impulse then to toss his key in with the rest of the metal you were melting
That's been shuttered since COVID
I was so excited when I found out we were coming to the COVIDfree haven that is New Zealand, but if I was you, I would get a COVID test 'cause you've clearly lost your sense of taste
Yeah, right Naomi carcaterra doesn't have the metabolism
Are you still on lockdown?
*THE OWL HOUSE* Season 02 Episode 06 Episode Title: Hunting Palismen Aired on: July 17, 2021
*THE OWL HOUSE* Season 02 Episode 07 Episode Title: Eda's Requiem Aired on: July 24, 2021
I had a quick Zoom with Corporate this morning
They're too busy lipsyncing to your meltdown on TikTok
You put the hose underwater to avoid metal detectors?
His drill bit is a metal club
A metal club?
Metal detector is best for finding tunnels
Shovel, pickaxe, valve, everything's metal
Metal things
Since these are already metal, metal detectors won't work
Your night's not getting any better, because Lana is about to swing her metaphorical ax
All the people are fake They're made out of metal
And I saw burning pieces of metal everywhere
Stay out of it Don't annoy me, you hunk of metal
It's just his vaccination forms
FEBRUARY, 2021
#RACKETBOYS #HWASUN #NEWFACEHAEKANG #SWEETPOTATO 2021 HAENAM SWEET POTATO JUNIOR BADMINTON COMPETITION
2021 BADMINTON NATIONAL JUNIORS TRAINING CAMP
Security alert Level five Initiate lockdown
Initiate lockdown
I mean literally and metaphorically
I'll check the timetables online
I'm definitely not saying that he's right, but it is 2022
Prepare for lockdown
So earlier when you said you wanted to blow it all up and start over, you weren't being metaphorical
It's 2021 The one thing more precious than drugs, oil or baby food?
TikTok lipsync?
The systems went haywire and I hacked the metadata undetected
They've all got those metal back braces This is crazy!
Episode Title: Henderson Aired on: June 21, 2021 [ Doorbell rings ]
It's precious metal worth more than gold
Let's have the pedal to the metal
Let me ask Jay and Tanya, how did you adapt the character of Alexandra from the comic book to the 2021 animated series?
Just being here and hearing everyone talk about the journey from a comic in 2005 to an animated series on a global streaming platform like Netflix in 2021, it's really amazing
I want that crime scene on total lockdown until every molecule of evidence is collected
And the rust particles embedded in his hair would strongly indicate that some sort of metal object connected to the back of his skull
A gun, a metal pipe, a heavy tool?
*AMERICAN RUST* Season 01 Episode 08 Episode Title: St Sebastiano Aired on: October 31, 2021
But the heart rhythm is uneven, and the coronary artery is pretty far
She was treated for breast cancer three years ago, and based on the shape of the tumor and the swelling around it, it's possible that it's a metastatic brain tumor
Of course, we need to do a biopsy to know more, but here's what I think under the premise that it's a metastatic tumor
The size and number of metastatic brain tumors are the most important factors in determining how they should be treated
I think it'd be best to shrink the tumor through neoadjuvant chemotherapy and treat the micrometastasis prior to the surgery
Hello, this is the English listening comprehension section of the 2021 College Scholastic Ability Test
This yarn can't hold me It's a metaphor
Reagan, 2024
Choose a Robe's most favorite beast to ride to your coronation feast
The whole place was zooming
Allow Zoom to access your camera
I don't have COVID19
He obsessively put meaning into everything and made endless metaphors
Don't you know what a metaphor is?
Episode Title: Plot Heavy Aired on: AUGUST 02, 2021
So we got six hospitals in lockdown
So let's find this killer and end the lockdown
We got six hospitals in lockdown and a killer preying on your most vulnerable patients, and you have information that could end it
Japan and Ukraine had a good start, Hong Kong started late and has got some work to do
Japan is still in the lead with China right on their shoulders along with Ukraine
Japan, China, Ukraine, Great Britain
Ukraine is catching up, with Japan still in second, but So Wa Wai is out in the clear!
He's already overtaking Ukraine's Viktor Buka at the first 100 m curve
Ukraine takes home the silver, and Russia gets the bronze
Uh, not getting the metaphor but I'll take your hall pass
Metaphorical and not
[Guy] The mustache metamorphosizes from this very sort of long thing that you see in the First World War in earlier images of Hitler
Nice offsite Feels like a metaphor
*IN THE DARK (2021)* Season 03 Episode 03
It's not a metaphor Oh, no, it's something more
It's not a metaphor Oh, no, it's something more
It's not a metaphor
It's not a metaphor Oh, no, it's something more
Hey, young lady Enough with the TikTok Time to eat
Not sure the metaphor's gonna fly with the admiral
Elon Musk invented Tesla on this
This piece of metal doesn't control you
What is a TikToker?
*IN THE DARK (2021)* Season 03 Episode 04
Metaphor, huh?
It's a beautiful metaphor for many of life's journeys
I told you, my lips are sensitive to impure metals and whistles give me mouth hives
At least until that Elon Musk fella stops messing about on Twitter and starts focusing on jet packs
It's a metaphorical murder, Luisa
I request for a witness, Dr Yoo Jongbaek who is the most renowned expert on heavy metal poisoning
Many of the victims showed symptoms of heavy metal poisoning
The Foundation aggressively expanded the size of its charity projects ever since the pandemic
You want to have a coronation?
As requested by the EU, we're clinically testing the new vaccine
Since many countries are competing to develop a vaccine first, the demand for clinical trials is extremely high right now, Mr President
Zoom in on that vehicle
Okay, now zoom in
It's normally a large space, but due to, um, the pandemic, it's going to be a super scaleddown version
Samantha actually had cancer two years ago, right before COVID hit
And then, usually, we'll get them vaccinated, and then we wait a few weeks just to make sure that they don't have any adverse effect from the vaccination, and then they're pretty much ready to be on their way
I didn't know what happened to her, but she just went down like that, and it turned out we had our first outbreak of the parvovirus, which is absolutely deadly if cats are not vaccinated
and, uh, in the next two, three weeks, we will have to vaccinate him
Like spayed, neutered, vaccinated
Getting heartbroken isn't a metaphor
Getting heartbroken isn't a metaphor
There's still a pandemic!
Teacher by day, TikTokerist at night!
Son! Be cautious of COVID, okay?
It was to conserve spices, then as valuable as precious metals
When he was young, Saddam would carry a metal rod, and he'd use this metal rod as a way to threaten and intimidate others
When Joseph Stalin's agricultural policies led to millions of deaths by starvation in the Ukraine, he used disinformation, censorship, and friendly reporters to keep the truth from emerging
Millions of people in Ukraine alone were starving to death
At the same time, Stalin closes off the Ukraine from world view
Duranty is invited to visit the Ukraine, which has been offlimits to most foreign reporters
They took him to Ukraine and they selectively showed places where there was no famine
Stalin took advantage of a deadly famine in theÂ Ukraine to crush any thoughts of independence and help keep the Soviet Union intact, while tens of millions dead in China as a result of Mao Zedong's Great Leap Forward
The vaccines we were waiting on were stolen en route from the airport
Without those vaccines, what happens to them?
To recover the vaccines
It's no clone, it's fdr He was a guinea pig for the polio vaccine
You get paid to make sports metaphors!
Just stopped in to whip up a metacognition scanner so I can track down BP's fleeing consciousness without enduring as much Charlie Kaufman bullshit
Where are we ziplining through futuristic metallic tunnels to?
Wow, I thought my capitalism metaphor was on the nose
And as for the Cayman Islands Federal Bank, it's 2021, and those idiots are still using remote networking
Initiate full facility lockdown
It's reinforced titanium Sealed shut as a failsafe, triggered by the lockdown
And as for our mutinous scientists they were counting on us initiating lockdown protocols
[Dawson] The world soon learned how personal the issue was when, in 2021, they did a blockbuster interview with Oprah, adding that the institution had missed an opportunity
Now, why don't we warm up with a little Vroom Zoom Kaboom?
Vroom Zoom You're out
You should check out my TikTok when we get home
TikTok video content is the next step for my influencer career
Which is why I need a team of brawny strongmen to reopen my mines, and harvest the precious metal before Hiram Lodge steals it
So, swallowed up by the dark, was that a metaphor?
[Wiley] Early flags were made of everything from animal hair to metal
Major, I can go back and get a metal detector from the engineers
The auto industry shipped my job to Mexico, and there was a global pandemic from a bat
They can move the Zoom 15 minutes, but they're worried about turnout and want to add that to the agenda
Listen, I just got off a Zoom with the network
Sorry Uh, pandemic
There was a lot of rather thick foillike material, kind of a not a shiny aluminum, but burnished or a slate grey type of aluminum metal
The White House ordered a complete lockdown of all information and personnel connected with the Roswell Incident
In 2012, a routine Xray of his leg reveals an embedded piece of metal the size of a fingernail with tiny wires sticking out of it
Los Alamos determined that the metals were a rare meteorite
So if that's true, and I tend to believe this, then someone was manufacturing angstromlevel metamaterials in the 1940s
Once the public has absorbed the information that scientists are examining samples of metamaterials from space, it will be less shocked by the revelation that entire extraterrestrial vessels are being examined, and have been for many decades
They show a metalliclike UFO tipped vertically on its side
Nuclear missile base, Usovo, Ukraine USSR
And the metal that was left behind was of very unusual qualities
The COVID19 pandemic has dominated the world in '20 and '21
Exotic 34 million followers on TikTok
It's 2021 Who isn't a little gay?
[Choi Joon Young] [04212010 05012021]
Today a new moon is in the sky: a 23inch metal sphere placed in orbit by a Russian rocket
And then a few days later, I got to Zoom with Jared for the first time
[Date: 5/2/2021;
We need to do some administrative coordination, we need to get on a Zoom, just made some shit up and got him on the Zoom
For a minute there, I thought the Zoom froze, because Chris didn't flinch, didn't say anything
They put out a call for astronauts not too long ago, just before COVID
Can you jump on a Zoom really quickly on Sunday?
Lifechanging Zoom call
We found out that he had metastatic disease in his thoracic spine
[narrator] Today, dogs are sniffing out COVID, invasive species, and cancer, as early as stage I
Think when you see endofworld movies and you have part of the bridge up and metal pieces sticking out of it, you know what I mean?
I went down two wrong hallways, which feels like a metaphor for my life
I'm not sure I want the first thing that I do after surviving COVID to be a public failure
COVID took that from us
(Jaekang 2021 Global Seminar)
[metal clanking]
[metal clattering]
[metal clanking] [screw clanking] [Player 212] What are you doing?
[grunts] [sniffles] [metal clinking]
[metal clanks]
[metal clanks]
[indistinct chatter] [metal clanking]
[Deoksu sighs] [metal clanking]
[metal door clangs] [scanner beeps]
[metal door closes]
[metal thuds] [doctor breathing heavily] [doctor] Then what do I have to do?
Oh, my God That's like lockdown
One when he was 14, the other, Christiane, with a metal rod against her throat
How do you zoom in on the image?
I'd like you to zoom in on her alone
I remember myself, personally, I kinda just dropped down onto one knee and kissed the metal that was around my neck
struggling for relevance in the aftermath of a pandemic
It's when all the narrative plates you've been spinning have to suddenly weave together in a better metaphor than this
Then he asked me if I was wearing something metallic
He said, No, are you wearing any metal?
I was fully booked until 2023
MARCH 2020 [man] Almost four million people have already been infected by COVID19 worldwide
[woman] Researchers from the University of Goiás say that the state could be the new epicenter of COVID19 in the country
[Brito] When I heard the news about his release from prison and being under house arrest he gets to be just like us because it's a situation in which everybody is isolated because of the pandemic
AS OF JULY 2021, JOHN OF GOD HAD BEEN SENTENCED
First, corona, now this
[narrator] There's a reason skin care commercials don't zoom in that close
Cholera pandemics had killed millions around the globe
[metal clanks] [officer] Hey, Nerd
[metal clatters] Private First Class Heo Giyeong, sir
[grunts] [metal clanks]
[metal clangs] [grunts]
[metal clanks]
[electricity fizzes] [metal clanks] [all groan]
[groans] [metal clanks] [metal clangs]
[metal clangs]
♪ Metal sport ♪ Alright, next time, I'll do it
♪ Metal sport ♪ What're you doing here?
Then, the next time I woke up, I was in this metal shed
Aha My coronation suit Brilliant
And this evening, your coronation
I have fabrics for your gown for the coronation, and seamstresses standing by
I was speaking metaphorically
Metaphorically?
On the coronation, as you could not decide,
Which got you standing here, hours before your coronation, about to make a huge mistake
Peter wants to come to the coronation
We're trying to celebrate the empress's coronation
You liked what I wore at the coronation?
A day or two since the coronation
These are the things we must face down metaphorically
There is a tube and a slide where individual pieces of metal are pushed forward and then punched into the paper
I am trying to metabolize your betrayals, Orlo
But in metaphor only
If you cannot metabolize your pure ideas of love and philosophy with blood and sinew and fuckedup humans who do their best and fail, but try to love and serve you
You just zoom around all the time
The building is now on lockdown
This land is teeming with rare metals that mining companies would love to get their grubby little hands on lanthanum, neodymium, samarium
Twelve Do you have an intention for 2021?
My intention for 2021
December is now the worst month of the pandemic in the US
For COVID safety, we can only have 240 people watching from here, but the show is going to be seen by millions more with the livestream, not to mention the documentary
It's so crazy about, um, how how meticulous everyone's had to be with COVID
What's up? How are you? Our COVID officer
Getting COVIDtested
This year, 2020, watching him dodge around COVID after being a brandnew husband and still allowing, you know, his family life to be so important
How many COVID tests you guys think we've taken?
Prepping for a performance during COVID has been challenging
We're gonna get even crazier with the COVID show
We know how fortunate we are to have this gig, so everybody's been really respectful about the COVID rules
Because with lightning and thunder, you can't work on metal and the scaffold and stuff like that
My intention for 2021
Uh, my intention for '21 2021 is to continue to set goals and have fun while doing them
In 2021?
The end of 2021?
And then with COVID,
I watched Misty Copeland's masterclass during lockdown
You slept with your subordinate in 2021?
Can you zoom in a little closer on the D1 isolation room feed?
All of the punks, metalheads, rebels, emos and whoever else is there, we all meet up and chat about stuff
I was just beginning to make really cool relationships, then lockdown happened and here I am
Yeah, that's a good metaphor
For example, during lockdown, it was exactly that, when they finally let us go out for a walk or whatever, in the late evening, almost night time
That my neighbourhood was under lockdown and not another, a couple of months ago it all has to do with that moment
Zoom! [fireworks exploding]
I had shown Carsten Schlüter nothing more than a demo, where a single satellite image had been zoomed in on
You'd use it to select what node data instances to render and also to decide what metadata and data to fetch and load into the GPU memory
We call it the Metadata Tree
I'll Zoom you!
Why did Kristy never Zoom in?
Wait, TikTok Derek the Superbrat Derek Masters?
He is the most followed TikTokker under ten
Maybe I should have been dancing on TikTok, getting clicks and endorsement opportunities and fame
I spend months at a time in a metal tube
What exactly do you do in the metal tube?
Zooming in
Hope that metaphor wasn't triggering
The TikTok set have decided that makes you a sex symbol, but the older crowd likes it better when firefighters don't assault civilians
I hope we all learned this morning that metal gets hot
I know ‐‐ I'm shorter than I look on Zoom
Labeled Label Maker That's meta
He's got profound metabolic acidosis
COVID burnout is real
But since the pandemic, he's been living with me
‐ Just drive, Metamucil
She hits the guy with a beer bottle, and we zoom away on her motorcycle And I just really like her, you know
One was COVID
It was all just a myth, a metaphor
Maybe there was a part of me that wanted the ancient wisdom to be more than just a metaphor
‐ Metaphorically or geographically ‐ Did it work?
One, metal rules
I pushed you deep down into my meta programming
‐ And Other Barry would be some kind of Gigeresque monstrosity, and then Barry and I would defeat Other Barry in some kind of metaphorical combat which would forever extinguish Other Barry
It shut down because of the pandemic It's been sitting empty ever since
[metal clanks] [shouting]
[grunting] [metal creaking] [yelps] [grunts]
[groans] [grunts] [metal creaking] [growls]
*AMERICAN DAD (2005)* Season 16 Episode 22 (IMDB) [♪♪] Episode Title: Steve's Franken Out Aired on: October 25, 2021
He must've had COVID
I never had COVID
I left Chicago at the height of the pandemic and just got back last week
A few months into COVID Right
No club can protect itself from COVID19 completely We have to get through this together
When we went into lockdown, we drew all the right conclusions and prepared the squad from day 1 for what might be coming
Everything came together perfectly, and we got through the lockdown in a phenomenal way
AL AHLY SC 02/08/2021
FEBRUARY 9, 2021 TEAM HOTEL FC BAYERN, DOHA, QATAR
FEBRUARY 11, 2021
UANL TIGRES 02/11/2021
FEBRUARY 25, 2021 THOMAS MÜLLER MEDICAL CHECK AFTER COVID INFECTION
Covid can attack the lungs in ways you don't necessarily notice
BORUSSIA DORTMUND MARCH 6, 2021
VFB STUTTGART March 20, 2021
Especially in these difficult times of Covid19
MARCH 14, 2021 CLUB GROUNDS SÄBENER STRASSE
MARCH 22, 2021 INTERNATIONAL MATCH BREAK
APRIL 3, 2021 Go out there and find the spirit!
APRIL 6, 2021
APRIL 7, 2021
APRIL 11, 2021 TWO DAYS BEFORE THE SECOND LEG
APRIL 12, 2021 ONE DAY BEFORE THE SECOND LEG
This is a huge point where for once, perhaps, due to the coronavirus situation, we're financially not in a position to play hardball
APRIL 16, 2021 MUNICH AIRPORT
MAY 2, 2021 SÄBENER STRASSE
MAY 4, 2021 SÄBENER STRASSE
FC BAYERN VS BORUSSIA MÖNCHENGLADBACH MAY 8, 2021
Last year, when the COVID crisis hit 
May 15, 2021 FREIBURG / BREISGAU
SC FREIBURG VS FC BAYERN MAY 15, 2021
MAY 18, 2021
Worse than during COVID
MAY 22, 2021 LAST DAY OF GERMAN SOCCER LEAGUE
FC BAYERN VS FC AUGSBURG MAY 22, 2021
CEO KarlHeinz Rummenigge has decided to terminate his contract early, effective July 1, 2021
I have a TikTok, so you know
It's kind of a metaphor for addiction, in a way
Fire, metal, water, earth and wood
We were able to shoot for about eight or nine weeks before COVID swept around the world and production shut down
One thing we had going for us on our film was that we were filming in Australia, and Australia did have a very low incidents relative to United States for sure, of COVID cases
I can't believe that I'm saying this, but this is actually our first day back on set since the pandemic started, and it's such a huge moment for all of us
Yeah, she started shooting this whole scene prepandemic
Hey, it's my favorite longhaul COVID survivor
She sat beside Gabe for the six months he was in ICU recovering from COVID
He needed all that time on the breathing tube for COVID, but it made his trachea weak and floppy
She helped us understand what longhaul COVID would mean for Gabe, for both of us
Can you zoom in, please?
He moved out to his house in the Berkshires during the pandemic
Quick, ask me a question about ad content on Zoom
The pandemic
But, uh, here on Earth, we've been dealing with a mass global pandemic, so we don't really take too kindly to strangers just hanging around the emergency department of a public hospital
But now, it's like we traded one pandemic in for another
This video kicked off one of the biggest dance crazes of 2019 and helped Charli D'Amelio's rise to TikTok royalty
The common joke about TikTok dances is that they look like you're conducting air traffic because they're so upper body oriented and they have kind of angular movements
Maybe you post it on Dubsmash, a TikTok rival
One of them posts their video to TikTok, and suddenly, a famous TikToker is doing your dance
Meanwhile, that famous TikToker's followers have skyrocketed, and that kind of following is power, because now, maybe record labels see a potential new pop star and a national TV show invites them on to promote their record
[Rowland]  And to give a demo of all those fun dance crazes on TikTok, including yours
[Rowland] In the summer of 2021, Black TikTok creators went on strike
And although the pandemic is over, our possibilities are still limited
My mom told me that after the pandemic, it's like the world rapidly aged
The aftermath of the pandemic from ten years ago
I must have watched his documentary on the origins of the pandemic a thousand times
Living in the city after the pandemic, with all the pollution,
Should we try to get Dad on a Zoom?
My metal band is practicing in the garage right now
An airship has a rigid metal hull It's not a blimp
Well, the meta data says this was taken last year on March 3
Can you zoom in here?
We shut down because of COVID, and the governor just never let us reopen
There's gotta be some metal there supporting that thing, right?
If you believe there is metal inside, you're out of your mind
That's the only metal part
Nothing inside is metal A hundred percent chocolate
I like that even the little metal hook is completely blended within the design
During the pandemic, I drank so much red wine
I have never seen lung tissue like this You? I have, in advanced ARDS secondary to Covid
You know I almost left Jake in the first lockdown, the thick of it, about two months in, I wasn't even drinking, I was stone cold sober
Ah, the Japanese believe it to be a metaphor for the journey to inner understanding
Good Now, zoom in with the camera
I'm zooming out, Doctor
Do not zoom out
COVID dried up all your most profitable revenue streams, and profit margins are down overall
Look, we all love our sex, but statistics have shown that during the pandemic libidos worldwide have taken a major L
It's been reported that for nearly 50 percent of us lockdown was a major vibe killer
COVID COVID really cockblocked my vagina
[whines] creaking of the metal
A a metallic taste, something permanent
When the UK first went into lockdown, I had a sixmonthold baby, and I also have a sixyearold and an eightyearold child
[Ogden] So generally, being bored, being sad, and being depressed are all associated with the slowing of the passage of time during coronavirus
So globally, it would seem that we have profound distortion to the passage of time during coronavirus
During a pandemic, we know it's gonna be over some day, but it's so far away that you have to consider that this is now where you live, this is your life, this is your reality
[GordonLevitt] And you don't need to be an astronaut, or live through a pandemic, to know that stress can make things drag out
For example, if you're an astronaut who's spent a lot of time zooming around Earth,
There are a lot of videos and documentaries that have tried to help us make sense of it, using all kinds of metaphors, like a DVD record, or a vinyl record, or
And all the celebrations people missed in the pandemic
SoundCloud featured it in their Top 50 Country playlist, and then a TikTok user posted a video of himself dancing to it, transforming into more of a cowboy getup when the beat dropped, inspiring millions of copycats
Thanks to Twitter, and TikTok, and streaming,
In May 2019, two half brothers posted a video on TikTok of themselves doing a dance of pure joy to that song
[Britton] In his video, he wore Nikes decked out with spurs, played a drum machine, but also a lap steel guitar, and lead a diverse group in a line dance, with cameos from the TikTokers who'd helped make his song a hit
♪ Liquor was the only love I've known ♪ [Britton] Or when Mickey Guyton performed at the Grammys in 2021 and told a story
♪ The Herring Run is a metaphor ♪ ♪ For the half of life that I'm headed for ♪
Lot of mixed metaphors, but love her energy Those lucky little bastards
We cleaned house, and now all the muck of 2021 gets tossed out to make way
for the clean slate of 2022! Fuck yeah
I feel like it's always you who gets the metaphorical dousing
Here's to 2022
Whole place was on lockdown for for fuckin' ever
I mean, you see the metaphor here, right?
Look for metal
He wants us to go back out on the property and find a metal case
We keep the lockdown, they escalate on their end Before you know it, there's a prisonwide hunger strike during the fuckin' holidays
Milo said metal case
The case is metal
Look for metal
So I got a metal detector That's what I found
The metal case, right?
They should be on lockdown until they've served their sentences
And you better tell them Peckerwood motherfuckers that when this lockdown is over, we want the yard back
They need to cancel the lockdown, Mike
They're not gonna lift lockdown till New Year
Tell 'em to lift the lockdown, or else
It's theirs, the Lenape plaque, the COVID Memorial, the Black Lives Matter mural
Perhaps, not surprisingly, it's a metaphor
Got a hairline fracture on my fifth metatarsal
This search and seizure warrant, issued on July 13th, 2021, we'll be enforcing it
January 11th, 2021, the Supreme Court orders the Assize Court ofÂ Bergamo to schedule a hearing to analyze the findings
June 3rd, 2021, the Assize Court of Bergamo rejects Bossetti's defense request to access the findings
COVID PCR test came back negative
Zoom in on the girl in the background
His coronation will soon take place, so leave
You must postpone tomorrow's coronation immediately and gather soldiers right away, Your Majesty
Your coronation tomorrow will be postponed
November 07, 2021
So the first thing I did was I painted the entire thing silver, so that when I put the subsequent layers of paint on, it would look like something hit the suit and broke the covering away, whether it's paint or some kind of metallic finish,
and you would see the metal underneath
This is the lovely metallic one, isn't it?
But I'm authorized to answer any concerns and provide a timetable as to her whereabouts the night in question
Okay, dude, there's a piece of metal, like a hook or something for another belt
I've been staying uptodate with the journals and the latest COVID protocols Good
And now we've spent the last couple of hours sliding her in and out of metal tubes, sticking big needles in her back
And I want a full metabolic genetic panel
But a genetic panel has revealed that you have a disorder called metachromatic leukodystrophy or MLD
*THE RESIDENT* Season 05 Episode 06 Episode Title: Ask Your Doctoro Aired on: November 09, 2021
And diagnosed with metastatic lung cancer at Atlanta General
When was the last time you saw a stage IV metastatic lung cancer patient without clubbing?
I'm a storied princess from a faraway monarchy whose father has sent her to find the perfect restaurant to hold the coronation of his heir!
Ha Talk about heavy metal
The ship lockdown is getting to people, huh?
In the early days of the pandemic
No one was coming in for any tests then, so you asked if we could move some money around to treat the effects of longterm COVID
It was the peak of COVID and we were moving fastobviously too fastand Iumokay, look,
One was because of COVID
*GREY'S ANATOMY* Season 18 Episode 05 Aired on: November 11, 2021
The surge in what we're seeing right now, especially when Covid
Zoom in, zoom in Just keep it down
Roan Meta heads a nasty crew of Albanian gunrunners in Chicago
Ron had a preexisting heart condition Died of a coronary
Safe bet they're part of Roan Meta's crew out of Chicago
I had Thomas do some digging Meta's crew, they're here
Got a fivehour pharmacy and therapeutics Zoom this morning I'm sure I won't be missed at
ButIf you threw it up immediately, it wouldn't have metabolized
*THE RESIDENT* Season 05 Episode 07 Episode Title: Who Will You Be? Aired on: November 16, 2021
This hospital's operating expenses during COVID
All right, folks, today we will be performing a roboticassisted coronary artery bypass graft using this baby right here
Coronary artery is isolated
I guess Zoom wasn't an option, what, with their accounts getting lurked on
He clearly believes that it is some kind of metaphysical doorway to godhood
It's good for a spark or two, but we start cutting into metal, this whole thing's gonna go
Metaphor Cool
When it comes into contact with metal
Lockdown, day one
♪ We're under lockdown ♪
Lockdown, day five
I started thinking about another album during lockdown
LOCKDOWN DAY 36
If the pandemic hadn't happened,
The lockdown wasn't easy
Today, in 2021, the judge has decided to archive the case against Francisco Javier Delgado, for the mortgage issue
APRIL 2021
JANUARY 24, 2021
Today is January 24th, 2021
An eerily apt metaphor
November 28, 2021
[sighs] Is the pandemic over?
I got divorced in the pandemic
Oh, no, we lost another one to COVID!
COVID's real
This is the beginning of the pandemic
I got COVID and the whole thing had to shut down because I was being a bitch
First of all, it's a pandemic Like, I don't you that well enough
Just send him this unassuming little gremlin to try and kill him with COVID
[laughing] That was the first time I got COVID
I'm like, I'm recovering from COVID
Dave Chappelle tests positive for COVID
I walked up to him and I was like, Dave, it's fucked up you gave me COVID a second time
I'm sorry I gave you COVID, bro [laughing] [huffs]
I had it twice And I'm vaccinated
I'm over it I'm over it I got the Pfizer vaccine
The COVID And we are way ahead of schedule
Ya! We have the vaccine!
Like, vaccines having accents is so ab[chuckles]
Pussy is metaphorically and physically very strong
But, you know, for the first time everybody that was making fun of Texas in California, right in the middle of the pandemic,
It can't be, bro It's a metal with some battery hooked up to some metal
Just metaphorically shitting on my entire lineage
On September 16, 2021,
September 16th, 2021, as Mohammed Mo Amer day in the city of Houston
Just a second ZoomIn ← STAR
Congratulations  on your marriage Honey 2021 Kim Sang Wuk's People Report  Today the vibe in the studio is quite different
And, at the 2021 most anticipated event, the International Mathematician Olympiad, what achievement did he add to his long list?
He was South Korea's first and youngest to be awarded the Nobel prize of Math, Lucifer Prize, at the 2021 International Mathematician Olympiad in Saint Petersburg
What did he accomplish at the 2021 World Mathematics Olympiad?
He won the Lucifer Prize at the 2021 World Mathematics Olympiad, the first Korean and youngest to ever win the socalled Nobel Prize of Mathematics
School Year 2021
September 23, 2021 Signature of guardian for patient Ji Yun Su
Let's start the 4th board meeting of Aseong Academy for the 2021 school year
Education Foundation Asung Academy's 2021 4th board meeting will begin
2021 2nd Semester First Regular Exam, Math
2021 Educational Foundation Asung Academy's Fifth Meeting
I sincerely apologize 1st Midterm Second Semester 2021 School Year Exam I'll gather all the materials from VicePrincipal Choi Seong Han
2024 Korea Mathematics Association Young Mathematician Award Ceremony
I wanted to take him to a fancy place for dinner, but all of my nice clothes are prepandemic
DR SEWON KOH when it comes to emulating curiosity social interaction, metacognition and things of that nature
All right Moving on to metaphors and similes
Whereas the female genitalia, if we wanna stick to culinary metaphors, is more like a food processor with a plethora of options
After Granada We've been in a lockdown together
He pranks us all the time for that TikTok thing
We need to put the ED on full diversion and lockdown cardiology and radiology
She's COVIDnegative but is running a fever of 102
But it has also been known to increase the metabolism of certain antipsychotic medications
Increase the metabolism?
And two vaccinated, consenting adults
Their next collaboration, King of Comedy, was a movie that predicted the way celebrity culture in America would metastasize
Right, let's zoom in
And if we zoom out further
Elon Musk
Like Elon Musk
*F B I* Season 04 Episode 08 Episode Title: Fire and Rain Aired on: December 07, 2021
Metaphysical life coach from Brooklyn Heights
Yep Guy in the group got poisoned by some bad metals
The real truth, Wyatt? Bad metal is not a thing
What a perfect metaphor
There was tongue I zoomed in
Ah! TikTok
As for Metallica, the band announcing tasting sessions for their blackened whiskey
Um, after New Year's of this year, 2021, was when I contacted the venue, and I that's when I learned that they sold the place, and they never told me or any other couples
And, um, a metal rack
Swiss Cheese in Rusted Metal
According to what you said, it entered through the metacarpus and exited through the palm, where exactly?
Andrés Manuel López Obrador won the presidential election and COVID19 hit the world
This pandemic suddenly sweeping in has complicated things a great deal, because the courts were closed, and when they finally opened again,
Hello and welcome to the enormous catapult machine that we built to keep ourselves amused during the COVID lockdown
A couple of silly metaphors
*THE RESIDENT* Season 05 Episode 10 Episode Title: Unknown Origin Aired on: December 07, 2021
All of a sudden, the metal detector went crazy
The police officers stood 15 meters apart with metal rods
When I came running in, and she said, I have a metatarsal,
I'm gonna warm the metal pipe, and I can remove this guy
There's a bug going around Does anyone have COVID19?
Do you think we overreacted to COVID19?
The spread of COVID was directly linked to how dense the population is, and some of the population, quite fucking dense
I read that COVID's not even real
Can you say meta joke?
That's a meta joke, isn't it?
2021, a year that made 2020 feel like a mere prequel with events more apocalyptic, more unpredictable, and more bizarre than any previous year in the history of years
You want me to be the first to be canceled in 2022?
This is the story of 2021, told by those who were there to viewers, who were also there
This is Death to 2021
2021 opens on a note of optimism
A range of lipsmacking new vaccines promises to transform the COVID pandemic from an ongoing crisis to a repressed traumatic memory
Biden's first task is to roll out new wonder coronavirus vaccines that offer people the chance to get back to around 40% normality
So, I hooked up with a guy who makes his own IPA, and we brewed up our own craft vaccine
Tonight, researchers are closely tracking a new COVID variant now spreading rapidly through New York City
But just as the vaccines offer light at the end of the needle, ominous news reports revealed deadly local variants of COVID are going global
The Delta variant is very dangerous because of the mutations in the gene encoding of the SARSCoV2 spike protein that make it much, much more transmittable than the Corona
This new wave of virus variants leads to a new wave of lockdown variants and a new wave of depressing news reports
I was pretty lonely in lockdown, so instead of just crying on my own all night and all day, and at weekends,
I even went on some Zoom dates, which are actually good because they can be really efficient
As the lockdowns continue to bite, many turned to television for escape, as you are doing now
Although, in retrospect, I probably should have been working on the vaccine
Even bleaker than Seaspiracy, the 93rd Academy Awards, rendered poignantly unwatchable by COVID protocols and a pandemicchic dress code
Vaccination programs are blossoming around the world
One segment of the population remains steadfast in their opposition to getting a vaccine:
One fascinating NBC poll said that the vaccine would be refused by 47% of Trump supporters
Young people too are failing to roll up their sleeves to roll up their sleeves and get the vaccine
You just think of this when you think of vaccination
So, by 2022, 98% of the US population will either have COVID19, or type two diabetes
But the biggest threat to vaccination programs?
Nonsensical antivax theories which spread quickly from person to person, like something for which there is no obvious metaphor
Are they using the vaccine to change our American DNA from within?
So, are you vaccinated, Kathy?
Yeah I did get some COVIDlike symptoms
Did you have these COVID symptoms the day you went shopping without a mask?
Fifteen people got COVID from you that day, and then you had a party
It was a COVID reveal party
I have COVID
Oh, come on It's just COVID
Social media networks are accused of profiting from vaccine misinformation
Yet, even in the face of refuseniks, vaccines prove effective
Cautiously, lockdowns are unlocked
It was great to get a vaccine
Everyone was really looking forward to it because the Olympics is one of the few genuinely global events that isn't a pandemic
A year later than we imagined in front of empty seats and under an inescapable shadow of COVID
As vaccines hold COVID at vaccinated arm's length, green shoots of pop culture emerge
But mankind's longcherished ability to relentlessly share and comment on hilarious Squid Game memes suddenly crashes to a halt when, in the most shocking event of 2021, Facebook stops working for a bit
Our company is now Meta
Facebook regurgitates itself as Meta with a new logo, the symbol for infinity, the company's desired profits
Human impersonator Mark Zuckerberg excitedly reveals diverting plans to spend billions on a virtual reality space he calls the metaverse
That's who's actually going to be in the metaverse
COVID is showing signs of a revival, aided by the vaccine's potency fading significantly after six months
I didn't know you could inject ghosts without the vaccine solution dripping straight through onto the floor, but then, I didn't know that ghosts had veins, so
Unfortunately, COVID still insists on its right to infect and kill them
This is a pandemic of the unvaccinated
That's why I'm moving forward with vaccination requirements wherever I can
A dutiful media reveals the latest pandemic policy
To bend the arm of antivaxxers and jab a needle in it, governments plan mandatory vaccination programs
This morning, another worrying new COVID variant surging abroad
The new Omicron variant is the most heavilymutated coronavirus so far
It has 30 mutations to its spike protein, which means that current vaccines may not be as effective and you could see an aggressive upward trend in cases, hospitalizations and deaths
Madison, can we talk about your attitude towards COVID and vaccines?
I just want to know, why do you tell your viewers not to get vaccinated or wear masks?
Have you been vaccinated, Madison?
Here are the two Americas again, each side believing the other side is trying to kill it or enslave it, whether it's masks, or vaccines, or votes
I was halfway through telling him about my collection of pottery pigs when he got a text saying that he'd tested incredibly positive for COVID and had to go into isolation straight away
What did you learn in 2021, Kathy?
And what did you learn in 2021, Zero?
Well, I learned Mark Zuckerberg is unaware that I actually already built the metaverse five years ago
What have you learned in 2021?
What did I learn in 2021?
What did you learn in 2021, Gemma?
I had to learn where my tonsils are, so I could do a COVID test
With Lunar New Year 2022 around the corner, the theme for Episode 74 is, The Best Friend in My Life
Looks like the sun is glinting off some sort of metal thingy?
Something metal could mean someone had to make it
A metal rectangle?
Another metal rectangle, like the one we saw in the desert
The metal claw from the desert
Uh, you know how hard it is to sleep when you got a metal babysitter's big ole eye slits staring at you all night?
Here is the item you purchased, Metal Detector
Hey, guys, they're bringing in Metallic Cat
The 2021 NRCHA Snaffle Bit Futurity is sponsored by the leading sire in the NCHA and NRCHA with over 37 million in offspring earnings
Wait, the Yellowstone bought Metallic Cat?
But it was discovered early, and it hasn't metastasized to other organs
That's the biggest zoom we get
Well, fish as metaphor, in this case
Warning, facility lockdown in progress
Warning, facility lockdown in progress
I wrote a lullaby, sung by a female voice, immersed in dissonant sounds of a metallic, vibrating surface
Ovid's Metamorphos
Cadillacs zoom in America
It's not a military timetable
Freefloating metal muncher Definitely Class Five
Well, more than 26 million TikTok viewers beg to differ!
If you put your TikToks down, you'll see some people dancing in real life
Your 2021 Prom Queen, the woman voted to a forcible dance with the guy behind me
All right, your 2021 Prom Queen, in the closest vote we've had in a very long time,
So the runnerup and your 2021 Prom Queen is a writein candidate
One is heavy metal, and the other is country
I understood the metaphor so long ago
If Lucy's gonna be pregnant Lucy Ricardo then we have to introduce it in nine, according to your timetable
How do they fit in this metal box?
A giant metal bird?
Eat metal, dirt bag!
Metaphorically, 'cause you ain't got much there
Metal box is almost full of water
How many metapower teammates arrived with you to Corto Maltese?
For his own safety, he needs vaccinations and a week of medical observation
Oh, good Then you wouldn't mind showing me his vaccination certificate?
Security lockdown!
Lucy, what Morag said at the coronation is not true
We're gonna transfer him to the coronary unit
Swipe, poke, swipe, poke, poke, pinch, zoom, shrink, zoom
I have made the metal ones pay for their crimes
Between checkin and the metal detector, she managed to lose it
they made a mistake on the metal, but it is being fixed What?
You said it was metal
Metal I mean metal
They came from the Qianlong coronation
I move the heavy metal bars I've got those big balls of sand
Pedal to the metal and stay away from my boobs!
(METAL SCRAPES)
a big ball of concrete, that falls into a metal well
More metallic
You are a blight on his platform and timetable
One of the snottier metal/punk magazines,
I often feel, with Ron's lyricism, that he's metaphorically, like, slicing his chest open and kind of going like, Here's my heart
Zoom in
Uh, butter churn, how literal a metaphor?
Physically or metaphorically?
Across the street, a glaring metaphor
But look there In the metal filigree
The metal from the rogue asteroid How much would you say of the sigil?
There's no metal here at all Not even in the arrow tips
Its seasons are extreme Metal and mineral poor
We'll take Halima's metaphor and make it literal
‐ Um, last week Yumyulack and I didn't want to take a history test, so we used the Bone Changer Ray to turn Ms Frankie's bones into metal like Marvel's Wolverine
Or a rock into metal
Gracie, don't touch the metal It's hot
Okay, let's get this coronation over with
Vaccines
I took half that metal arm in that fight in Goyang, but I see he's managed to grow it back
Vaccines
Lockdown procedures would have to be initiated, and with all those bodies flying around left and right, wouldn't be hard to slip down a hallway or two
Just makes me wonder how many people have to get steamrolled to make way for this hunk of metal
Well, it depends on who you ask That hunk of metal saved a lot of lives
Why didn't you use the metal arm?
We are projecting that the first functioning hybrid will be born in approximately 2021
Happy Day of Coronation, Maya!
Órale Off you go to prepare for the coronation
Maya's coronation cannot be delayed
Mija, I've dreamt of your coronation for 15 years
If I could get away with it, I'd pull Chalmers into a dark alley and put my metal fist right through his smiley fucking face
You ever hear of the band Metallica?
Bits of metal hung on poles to keep me apprised of our pace
We missed it 'cause I got the timetable wrong
I'm on a rather tight timetable to get this team operational
You're going through a metamorphosis, a miracle that will take you from useless boil on the behind of this crooked world, to a brave explorer charting a shining future for all humanity
Oh, it's too early in the day for me to get all metaphysical
Jesus wasn't vaccinated?
Let's find out how many vaccines we have left in storage
We'd need a mass spec to see how the liver's metabolizing, not to mention many more basic experiments
The building's on lockdown They're moving everybody to the foyer
Metal's always frozen, James
Where in London, Klaus? Zoom in
He discovered the vaccine for tuberculosis
Looking for vaccines
This dress is a metaphor for everything that's wrong in my life
Mainlined a Dimetapp and hustled to the studio to give you a hand
Felt kind of like a metaphor
Metal
But the frames are metal, so we need a tool to pull them off
It's a metal detector
I rode around all day on a metal horse with a lady that talks in riddles
I don't mean to be insensitive, but the country's in the middle of a cholera pandemic
VACCINE PREVENTS PANDEMIC FROM SPREADING
POST VACCINE DEVELOPMENT, THE PUBLIC IS TAKEN ABACK BY SUSPICIOUS DEATHS
ASTINAPURA CITY, 2021
The female virologist who developed the Corona and MERS vaccine
GRADUATION 2021
The awakening of Kaurava could be seen with the destruction of the world, forest logging, corruption, and the intentional pandemic
It's metal, Ge, not a pillow!
Open it up, and bring me a long metal tool
You just turn that little metal thing the other way
I need somethin' metal
I need somethin' metal
And it's 2002, so just imagine what tech is gonna be able to do in 2022
Michael Dell, Paul Allen, Elon Musk
This is the RDX Metabolic Profiler
I could show you the RDX Metabolic Profiler
The RDX Metawhat?
It screws up your metabolism for the rest of the day
The black metal cabinet, top drawer, behind the reception desk
And there's the polio vaccine
It's indecent criminal and you are blaspheming by keeping this bloody metal!
The metal was obscene when it went in
She can keep this bloody metal
I already gave you pieces of metal shrapnel from my body
trade something beautiful, and in return, she's gonna show us what she does with all the metal she took from our bodies
Exactly, we got metal in our blood in our brain Tell him, Lem
And after 90 minutes, when I realized it was only halfway over, I started to lick the movie theater seats in an attempt to give myself COVID
the vaccine for the H5N1 virus with a mortality rate of 16%
It is very important that this vaccine is available free to the public should the unthinkable happen
She was born and raised in a small town called Ostropil in, uh, the Ukraine
She left the Ukraine, and she was unstoppable
You'll wake up to the sound of howler monkeys, you'll have a deluxe tent and a private bathroom, which is a real steal in the midst this pandemic
Vaccination
You're made of metal
As in HellHell, or were you being metaphorical?
Next week, we get 15 or 16 postpandemic babies back
You gonna stand there, and a long metal tube is gonna show up and open its doors, and then you're gonna, maybe, I don't know, sit down on a seat?
Is it 2022 in here?
Marbled meadows metamorphose into the medieval plains of Iberia
In Ukraine
Otherwise all three of us will go to jail, and then he'll be sent back to Ukraine
To Ukraine
I'm using a metaphor
You're throwing around a lot of quotes and metaphors and I'm
I mean, like, and I just sort of zoomed past, like, every red flag
Anyway, I am not going back to 2022 until I make things right between Vera and Nora, Ruth
So you're telling me that this family lost its gold twice on a train under suspicious metaphysical circumstances?
I know, it's 2022 No one turns their phones off anymore
But I either stuff myself full of hormones or pieces of metal or I'll get pregnant again, and none of that can happen, so just put it on
Girl, it's 2021!
After all, it's bloody us who bakes the cake and makes the cars and melts the metal
I miss the taste like metal on the tip of your tongue
And that means that they've been fucking watching us and studying us, waiting for the perfect time to beam us up and shove metal probes up our fucking asses
She needs a hospital to take out that metal
Spreading goodwill like a pandemic
But, two years ago, he posted and quickly deleted this on TikTok
Check it out They'd take this big metal hook, right?
I've put on a bit of weight, you know, lockdown,
There's other factors at play, there's reasons you can be fat, like metabolism is a thing
I have watched my metabolism physically slow down,
No, metabolism is a fucking thing
The metal detector and the male and female security guard
Every time I walk towards a metal detector, at an airport, for no reason whatsoever, my brain just goes
I was walking towards the metal detector, doing my not a terrorist walk
He may not be all woke and shit like Jesus, but homeboy's pretty metal for a deity
The only way anyone on the Internet would care about this oldtimey bullshit is if you shot a tiktok trying to jam one of those Jesus kites up your Christian dick hole
I don't think there's anything particularly metal about blasphemy
Shah, blasphemy and biting off a bat's head are as metal as it gets
What is this, a metaphysical question?
Oh, put that shit away, elon muskrat
Meta
What metal might buy a fragrant sip?
It was a metaphor
It's very metal, what you did That's all I'm saying
A war? A pandemic? A genocide?
No, I've gone out of my way to help your company, to get you investments, to listen to your dreams metaphorically, and fucking literally
That album was on lockdown and he just bought it
Real Stab movies are meta slasher whodunits, full stop
What if I heat the metal and melt the lock?
Our bodies metabolize alcohol at an incredibly fast rate
But with metal doors that only open from the inside
Mr Maisel, we've had a security breach, and the building is on lockdown
About two years into their lifespan, some males will undergo a metamorphosis which changes the color of some of their feathers from a foggy gray to the creamy brown likeness of the female
Through cell membrane reorganization, 1037 can play a significant part in inhibiting metastasis and tumor cell proliferation, so, in short, it's potentially pretty fucking great
Old pieces of metal
I've got metal manipulation in here
I propose conversations on metaphysics, science, philosophy, wordplay, charades
We just heard, the new Coronavirus has dropped
Universal lockdown for at least 3 months has been decreed
We're worried about you, buddy Lockdown hasn't been easy for any of us
She comes out with designer, high quality, comfortable sweatpants just as a pandemic hits
You're gonna try foil surfing, and you're gonna put some aloe on, work on that tan, and make your constituents say, What was she doing in lockdown?
I teach Third grade Do a lot of Zooming
We've been getting into tiedying a lot and all this pandemic stuff
But after his coronation, something changed
Where I came up, precious metals were scarce as hens' teeth
Meaning that the metals shouldn't be forced to join
Finis Coronat Opus
COVERED WITH A METAL PLAQUE
Tenderize his ass? At least it's metal, Colonel Mustard That looks plastic
trying to turn the Ukraine into an independent European country
You know, since COVID, and the online classes and the socializing
I mean, the pandemic has been really rough on young people, for sure
I want a full lockdown Get him back in his cage
She rescheduled your Zoom meeting
The metal works as a magnet in the blood
If you can find a Powered person with metal manipulation abilities, you might have an antidote
Have you been able to isolate the gene that controls metal?
Try the metallic complexes?
We could use metallurgic enzymes to extract the metallic PDNA
Heard someone is on lockdown
Timetable?
Lockdown
Exactly When the senator was put into lockdown,
It's where I film my TikToks
Yeah, different metabolism
Ms Walters, we answer to a higher power that abides by the metaphysical laws of the timespace continuum
Because when you follow your heart the Earth is flat climate change is a hoax vaccines contain microchips and Mexican drug dealers killed your sister
During the COVID pandemic, basic household goods practically became a new currency
Another pandemic, climate change, war?
That TikTok
Yeah, I got it on lockdown
Then I got like massive on TikTok and he stopped messin' with me 'cause my followers would flame his Gram
Even when the pandemic came you knew
Your species often correlates the sensation of sexual desire to physical hunger and thus employs the use of such metaphors
I am detecting carbonate and metallosilicate particulates
All it takes to be great is commitment and sacrifice, which is what metal's all about
That seems pretty metal to me, but I'm not sure
If we devote ourselves to metal, we'll own this school
Heavy metal rules!
Not letting us play just because we're a postdeath metal band would be a complete violation of our First Amendment rights
I wasn't aware you had a death metal
A postdeath metal band
By 1997, they were considered the greatest unsigned metal band in the country
They could have been right up there with Metallica or Pantera, but they broke up
This definitely seems metal, right? I mean, I think it does
Do you like heavy metal at all?
More like postdeath doom metal?
I understand Dungeons  Dragons even less than metal, but it's a chance for us to hang out with new people, especially ones who play the bass
She can be metal
Because a celloplaying girl is so nonmetal that even thinking about it is evaporating my balls
Metal, not metal
You slow down, you die That's metal
Metal is taking the wheel
Metallica
Yeah, I kind of look like Jason Newsted from Metallica, the bass player
Yeah I I got through Metallica, Judas Priest
We are not an indie metal band We are not an altmetal band
I was talking about that stuff he said about girl cello players in a metal band being gay
Metal is commitment, Kevin
This speech is about metal
Metal is about what Ulysses was about
Metal
Metal
The people on the Mayflower would've been metal if it weren't for all the Jesus crap
What is more metal than that?
Sooner or later, the metal inside him was bound to rise up and crush whatever stood in its path!
Just fucking metal, man
And I wouldn't have met you if it wasn't for metal, and I wouldn't have thought about metal for five seconds if it wasn't for Hunter
You are metal beyond reproach
Yeah! Metal!
This is the highest COVID per capita
Well, we are with this farmer's organization in California that they are trying to protect the rights of the farmers, and they're having some problems with Corona
I think COVID was when I saw my dad really freak out
If this becomes a true pandemic, and in one week, it's hundreds of thousands, we're already it's already too late
The COVID pandemic was really a transformative moment for World Central Kitchen
So I pulled the Jag into the loading zone and I start scrapping with this hunk of metal
Twentytime optical zoom but also has interchangeable XL lens capability
Man, seven years ago, it would've just been robots working the holiday, but lucky for us, they're all scrap metal now
Coronation of Napoleon
Four seconds to lockdown
Emergency lockdown complete
Your body is going to undergo compressed, juryrigged metamorphosis
So, my massively metacarpaled friend, you mentioned ultimate power
The story goes that she fell in love with a mere mortal who was far beneath her, both literally and metaphorically
I mean, metaphorically He blew his fucking brains out, didn't he?
It don't make sense Why are you motherfuckers using metaphors?
It's a goddamn coronation
Some metal simply not meant to mix with meat
A little metal ain't gonna be enough to
Peashooter like that won't even dent Maelstrom metal
It's like, I feel better in metal than in my own skin
You want my professional opinion? You best lift your pedal of the metal, choom
At my coronation, I took an oath that you will one day take at yours to maintain the laws of God
The great metaphor?
Even the televisions are metaphors in this place
Now that all changed with her coronation
No, no, he's he's in lockdown for his own protection
April 10, 2022
And yet here you are, a betrayer, selling out your fellow warriors for a bit of metal!
Are you ready for the most metal concert in the history of the world?
Also a pile of metal
Are you two angling to work with liquid metal now?
'Cause I was actually using it as a metaphor
And that's how you make a TikTok
This is a metaphor for society's illusion of stability
Delaying your coronation is a hedge against that possibility
With Your Highness' permission, I ask to bring forward your coronation
Excuse me, I have much to do to prepare for the coronation
Congratulations on your coronation
Elon Musk?
Lockdown procedures initiated
Lockdown procedures initiated
Lockdown has been instituted by order of Governor Pamela Milton
I repeat, lockdown has been instituted by order of Governor Pamela Milton
If they were there, they were in defiance of lockdown
Can we zoom in?
Uh, there's a play I want to make Arslon Mining and Metallurgy
Far be it from me to tell you how to do your job, but that seems like a problematic metaphor
Lockdown procedures initiated
Lockdown procedures initiated
but that doesn't change the goal Lockdown procedures initiated
Lockdown procedures initiated So we just wait for you to deal with the swarm, end the lockdown?
And she's bringing her friends with Lockdown procedures initiated
Lockdown procedures initiated
Lockdown procedures initiated
Lockdown procedures initiated
This was a standard This was just supposed to be a lockdown while they cleared the swarm
Hey! This is 2021, guys
I'm saying it because she was a metahuman freak that threw me around the room like an angry kid with his little sister's Cabbage Patch Doll!
Yeah, Tom Keifer and the boys are like the perfect mix of blues and metal
You can't walk if you lose your metatarsal
Not a fan of the Swedish metal there, eh, Harcourt?
We could do some pop metal Poison?
You're metaphorical, douchewad!
The closest metal to it is iron judging from its relative density, but we can't detect any rusting or oxidation
This is the visualization of the interior, zoomedin
The axe is just a metaphor
If you'll excuse me, I have a project which takes place in the future In 2022
2022?
In the year 2022
But the cars should be flying in 2022
He's from the year 2050 and travels to the year 2022
I suggest we should close Mecidiyeköy and decorate it like it's 2022
I envisioned SM and Mecidiyeköy in 2022
I mean, just metaphorically, sex is fine
It's a metaphor!
I was once looking for metal in one of these piles, and, uh, I found a metal detector
And then the gunman rushes out Zoom!
This is the metatarus
Tarsus Metatarsus, I mean
I thought maybe it was a metaphor
All of that time and money spent on, what, just a cheap metaphor?
It's a pretty rich metaphor Oh, shut up!
Well, then you can stay here and spend your last moments pondering the richness of that metaphor
Oh, you mean metaphorically
All those years waiting to see her just just to find what was left of her on that metal table
On a metal tray
It's a metabolite of GHB, a sedative that causes loss of consciousness
Like we've got a double lesson timetabled for oral, and then we can see what's left of the afternoon?
There's no timetable, there's no bell
And people will be even more terrified after the coronation when I slit the king's throat
Also, they are made of metal, whereas man is made of skin
Sorry, do you understand metaphor?
The bells are just a metaphor for this
Papillary thyroid carcinoma with lung metastasis, so, um thyroid cancer, I guess
With, uh with lung metastasis?
Thyroidectomy, it metastasized, radiation, and finally there was no other option and she wound up at a hospice
That's more than enough poetry You know how much I detest metaphor
Which is a simile, not a metaphor
Kafka, Metamorphosis
With liquid molten metals
In this game and, metaphorically, from my past
The investigation is still ongoing, so I need to put you in lockdown
Lockdown? For how long?
He tells me you've begun moving more troops into Ukraine
Posturing in Ukraine, the threats?
The lockdown is over
Yeah, and moved Russian troops further into Ukraine
It's a metaphor for American capitalism
Okay, that's good Just don't be afraid of the zoom You're not Roger Deakins
Because of the pandemic?
Now, you just have to do a COVID test
Gotta tell you, I love the TikTok stuff
This lockdown has been so hard on all of us
This won't be the last pandemic We all know that
Are you worried people won't watch a movie about dinosaurs, given the serious nature of the global pandemic?
Krystal just did a fucking TikTok with a dinosaur Is that authentic?
This isn't a vaccine!
Our stunt coordinator, Steve, has had a bit of a virus scare, so he is going to be joining us on Zoom today
It's something we pretend when there isn't a pandemic I gotta go
If you could see how hard I work for you behind the scenes, behind closed doors, on Zoom!
So we need you to jump on Instagram, TikTok, Twitter, even LinkedIn, and demand that they allow us to go home
Okay? I'm sorry, but during the pandemic, I realized that we're all the same
Krystal Kris, the most selfish TikTok superstar in the world, snuck out of her movie's bubble, putting millions of people in danger!
Let's go wake up Krystal Let's make a fucking TikTok
Yeah, let's TikTok
I don't understand the metaphor Are we heroes or family?
It's a metaphor for the virus
I really don't think you're allowed to run during a pandemic
Basketball metaphors Okay
The only metaphor I need is to literally vanquish you in battle
Metaphors are literally not literal
You know, I made that, uh, TikTok feta pasta
I'd like to ask you all to raise a metaphorical bat to the old pavilion
Metatron?
So this Metatron will require a little more coaxing?
We're going to find that knife and we're going to use it to destroy Metatron
Iorek understands metal If anyone can fix it, he can
The Kingdom is ruled by a regent called Metatron
Instead, you will deliver my message to Metatron
My message to Metatron is this
Metatron's answer to your war cry
We believe it's Metatron's doing
Metatron's Purgatory is broken
But if Metatron can control the children, all their daemons, the future is his forever
We just have to keep Metatron's forces away from the girl and the boy long enough for them to be reunited with their daemons escape to a safe world and fall
How can you possibly know the nature of Metatron's attack?
Metatron goes into that Abyss
Metatron is a seer
Metatron is releasing the daemoneaters
You could work from home and be your own boss, and you wouldn't have to vaccinate your kids
N This is just a metaphor
Zoom in here
That means YouTube, Facebook, Insta, Snapchat and, of course,Â TikTok, so that people can follow your daily life like you're their friend
No, the body was bisected using a sharp metal object
To get my vaccine
Last year, a lady got COVID just to avoid breaking up with me in person
Whitman uses the metaphor of I not to refer to himself, but to explode the very definition of self in favor of a more allencompassing
And even though he thinks his metaphor of I is deep, it's actually just a bunch of bullshit
And now, when Jennifer Walters grows angry or outraged, a startling metamorphosis occurs
What is a metaphor?
See, now that is a metaphor
Waterbed is not a metaphor, man
But the lockdowns were so hard for us that now we do anything that we can
According to the opposition, this current government is not fit to run the country following the handling of the economy since the global pandemic
Officer Trent Lockdown authorized
Executing Citadel lockdown procedure
Executing Citadel lockdown procedure
Why are we going to lockdown?
Damn lockdown
I was in my quarters when the alarm went off We're in lockdown
Sorry, we're on lockdown
Also customary to present said gift at a coronation ceremony
Are you not on TikTok?
Lock picking, Norwegian death metal and I can fieldstrip an M4 blindfolded
Lockdown initiated
I mean, I always thought your extra tail was cool, but the metal ones? Obviously No
That digital doohickey over there with the dial, that big lumpy box with the wavy lines on the front, and that long, metal thingymabob over there
I just need to create a focus field with something metallic
It's hand to mouth at the best of times Lockdowns, they, they nearly killed us, you know
Sorry, sorry It's the metal in my helmet
You should really get on Insta, Snapchat and TikTok
As of now, the school is on full lockdown, and your offcampus privileges are revoked until further notice
Too bad the school is on lockdown
You directly violated my explicit order and left campus during a lockdown
It is not a metaphor
Metatah
Make sure you're not carrying metal
MY METAMORPHOSIS AND I
Ulises is handling the lockdown
Coming to you live from horror hound, 2021
You tell me where laine is right now, or I'll stick this thing so far up your ass you'll taste the fucking metal
Mom, it was lockdown Everyone was in the window
The Zoom one?
Well, COVID was a little bit of a setback So
The fascists attack comrades with metal pipes
Zoom in
You've never seen Full Metal Jacket?
15 JUNE 2021
JUNE 16 2021
JUNE 17 2021
JUNE 18 2021 âª Yeah, times has changed Still windy but the brace is different âª
JUNE 19 2021
JUNE 20 2021
Coronado Police were the first ones on the scene
Quds have assets killing SEALs in Coronado?
He was already dead here in Coronado the day I met you in Incirlik
Though I do need to find a place to stay because somebody at the Electra warehouse got tested positive for COVID
Or did you not watch the TikTok I sent you?
I'll start the emergency lockdown
It's supposed to be metaphorical, but it lacks poetic inspiration
We need to deploy Su57s, troops to Ukraine,
Metaphorically Because otherwise we'd lose our place in line
Lines are a metaphor for the human experience
You know how many Corona Lights I had to drink to get this?
So maybe we aren't as good as team one, but I bet none of them spent a month learning how to do this sweetass TikTok dance!
That's so metal! No wonder the Silvercops hate us!
AISHA: I got all sorts of sexcapades in my cold metal innards, you want one?
Uh metaphorically, sure
Uh, no, we don't! These monsters are all over TikTok
Okay, so the outside grounds, the middle conducts the power and these two metal wheels under the engine complete the circuit
Did you schedule him for his polio vaccine?
Let's all go back to the whole apple metaphor that seemed to be working for you and for everybody else
In the dead of winter, they slow their metabolism by 30 percent
With 1,300 systems and hundreds of colonies under your thumb, as much metal as we can mine, as many shipyards as we can build, anyone who wants access to that will have to ask you
The railgun is a Martian design, but it's made out of a metal we've never seen before
Now, I was thinking about getting that 2022 Honda Odyssey, but this is this is a much better use of my funds
Sonny, baby, looks like it's time for that 2022 Honda Odyssey
What if we discover the arm with a big zoom in?
I think a zoom is lame
Bam, we come zooming in
Then we zoom out
Cool zooms Tacky, I love it
UK MERSrelated deaths are at over 1,700 a day, the highest since the start of the pandemic
In about two months, the country'll be back in lockdown, people will be wearing face masks again
And it ended yesterday, when we failed to develop a vaccination for a mutant strain of MERS
Every time we go back, we'd wake up on the morning of the 1st of July 2022, until we go a whole year and get to July 1st 2023, and that becomes our new checkpoint
What about coronavirus, why didn't you go back and stop that?
You got a vaccine in nine months
It's a metaphor for all the social ills that plague our nation
Lockdown at back of the chapel
Minimal metal components so they don't set off alarms, and small enough to be packed youknowwhere
Today is March 17, 2021, and welcome to Atlanta News 8 morning report
Well, yeah, the theme is Sam goes viral TikTok
Welcome, everybody, as Formula 1 returns in 2021
The feeling, coming into 2021, is one of a lot of excitement
The first qualifying of 2021!
Zoom in
I have a fast metabolism
Are you about to give me some metaphor about acorns falling from trees?
Lockdown initiated Keep off the streets!
2024, that is the when Where is the where?
They've instituted a palacewide lockdown
2024 in Los Angeles There is someone there to help
Anything that can scan you, it can find the ID implants and vaccination chips from a future that doesn't exist yet
In 2024, it's the highest point in Los Angeles
You're killing it, 2024
You and 2024 should get a room
The 12th of April, 2024, which, if we are right, would mean
2024, in Los Angeles
Metal and liquid can capture the halflife of a moment
You're clear to do that Strip 1A is now closed We're in lockdown
Meta Fuck that What?
It's a metaphor
They're a stabilizing metal
When you're assimilated, the Borg inject you with stabilizing metals, so your body can handle nanoprobes
I don't know With imperfect metals comes imperfect assimilation
I was driving my '83 Volvo with metal on metal posing as brakes, a passenger side door that wouldn't open
Due to the pandemic, that performance, which was scheduled for last year, had to be canceled
During the lockdown, you did something I thought remarkable
Indeed, the common metaphors used to explain music
We lived within one block of one another in Corona, Queens, New York, for 15 years
that brings me back to my neighborhood where I live in Corona, uh, New York
Fortunately, for you, I went through a grueling heart chakra healing this morning with my guru over Zoom
(Celtic heavy metal music playing)
(Celtic heavy metal music playing)
(bleats) (Celtic heavy metal music playing)
Axel That name's reserved for Axl Rose, the god of heavy metal No way!
Well, this Axel eats metal
(Celtic heavy metal music playing)
There's also a bunch of TikToks of people lipsyncing to what you said, because that's what comedy is now I'm sorry that you all have skin thinner than gas station toilet paper HOMER'S VOICE:
He's huge on TikTok
Big sister? Cool, it's a metal beer bong
TikTok superstar Charli D'Amelio
Zoom, zoom, there on the plates
MAY 9 2021 REST IN PEACE
You're gonna want to mention gas hoarding, pandemics,
And tweens explain TikToks to carpool moms Eh?
You, finish my metaphor
Men and women have separate timetables, but they share a few joint activities
He made them from the metal that we dug up from the cemetery, while they were building the hotel
I know what a gun hitting metal sounds like, so don't you fuck with me!
There's burning paper and metal going everywhere, right?
I can zoom in tight, see what's there
âª You won't admit it but I know it âª âª You say trap is a no âª âª Metalheads dance to my song âª âª Dudes on the street âª
You think he'll get rid of his cash cows who pay for his screens in the hallways, little cameras, and metal detectors?
And there's a piece of metal stuck in her neck
Son, Jahan Kahani is not working in Coronado
You said it If Quds is targeting SEALs in Coronado, they'd need an asset on the ground
Then the second Sandra with the bouncing bazoombas
TRYCHOZEPAM MARKET LAUNCH 8 APRIL 2022, TRONDTHAL CENTER
You broke two metacarpals
Heavy boot scuffs, and scratch marks from a cane that has a metal ferrule
Your metaphor is tortured, and I don't have delicate petals
CovidOnMyFace
#FuckCovid
Episode Title:  Any Sport in a Storm Aired on: April 02, 2022
Maybe it's another shapeshifting basilisk trying to write their story through metaphor
*THE OWL HOUSE Season 02 Episode 14 Aired on: April 09, 2022
*THE OWL HOUSE Season 02 Episode 15 Episode Title: Them's the Breaks, Kid Aired on: April 16, 2022
*THE OWL HOUSE Season 02 Episode 11 Episode Title: Edge of the WorldD Aired on: April 30, 2022
*THE OWL HOUSE Season 02 Episode 18 Episode Title: Labyrinth Runners Aired on: May 07, 2022
Zoom attacks CCPD, Chief of Police Joe West
Oh, my God, you're like the Elon Musk of your generation
Yeah, I'm pretty sure Elon Musk is my generation's Elon Musk
He wasn't even a metahuman with powers
Well, now more metas are gonna be turning up everywhere now that the particle accelerator exploded
Metahuman?
Metahuman
After Mona discovered that there are other metas
Hey, you guys got any resolutions for 2022?
But together, we could help it even more, humans and metahumans alike
They're meta dampening bracelets
Well, since Captain Mimic here outed herself as a meta,
The metabullets
One shot takes away any meta's powers forever
The power to take down any meta in this city, including, say it with me
Tell me where the metabullets are hidden, Captain
The metabullets have trace elements of the dark matter
And if I don't have those metabullets in hand, within the next hour,
Your powers work by mimicking the powers in nearby metas, right?
These bracelets release RNA energy pulses that repress meta genes
Your DNA is constantly morphing based on your adrenal levels, and your proximity to other metas
Turns out the barista was a heat meta and I mimicked her powers without even realizing it
When I mimicked that other meta's abilities, if they had been more lethal,
By the way, I got to ask, where are the metabullets anyway?
And I'd be more than happy to train you to become an even better meta
Yeah, this was definitely a meta attack
Whoever the meta is, they produce fire that ignores the laws of physics
I mean, there's no pyrokinetic meta who could replicate burns like that even if they tried
I I get Birch is a known firemeta and an excon
I've checked every firebased meta human in here, everyone's either still at Iron Heights or alibied up
So, we know that this meta's fire powers are cryokinetic, meaning that their power output would read as extreme cold pockets
Yeah, sounds like a new meta
Actually, I have run into quite a few metas around the world
Turns out there's folks all over the place with latent meta genes
Yeah, giving them their first meta Iris, this could be a great story
Our fire meta just turned up at 138 South Devon Road
To detect whatever metadata I find
But with all that going on, you're still really eager to help this new meta become The Streak part two
Okay, I'm gonna be honest When we heard that there was a possibility of a meta
What's a meta?
It's just in Central City, we have experience working with metas
Well, metas like you are made up of dark matter, and this app helps us find just that
Nothing on a Tales from the Crypt meta who can conjure up black fire
I know this new fire meta case is pretty intense
And then, the meta who created it attacks us
It's like this black fire meta can appear and disappear at random
If this meta can get inside STAR Labs undetected, they could be anywhere
But that doesn't explain why our black fire meta is going after Chester
Put STAR Labs on lockdown
Latent meta powers, manifested by intense emotion Check
And it wasn't some new fire meta
So, this new meta, whoever he is, eats grief and sorrow to survive
It gets scarier We thought we were looking for a meta serial killer
So, we're not looking for a separate fire meta
I believe it's because her meta abilities are cryokinetic, just like our cold fusion fire
Caitlin and I did a test for any residual metagenome signatures in my body
Your latent genome plus Frost's meta signature should amplify the sphere's cryokinetic output exponentially
She's going to make a great meta
Now, Martinez, Howe, send out a citywide lockdown alert
I mean, come on, we're on lockdown because I went rogue
DeVoe, Zoom,
After her court battle last year, wrongly imprisoned metas?
Now I'm defending metas in Star City
LIFE WON IN THE MIDST OF THE FEAR OF CORONAVIRUS
Zoom in
I mean, a metaphorical bus, obviously, I'm against violence at a core level, but
Anthony, my stepsister just sent me this TikTok
Do you want to tell me why my idiot little brother is in New York City, going viral on TikTok?
Don't he look like that kid that went viral on TikTok?
That's the TikTok kid!
I need some smokes, and some donuts, and then I'm gonna go to the metal yard, and we'll break some shit
There's a really good donut place up the street, and I'm sad to report that the scrap metal yard is now the Misty Pines housing development
You got a present from your father and I Honey, make sure this is in zoom 'cause this is good
Zoom in, honey
Metallica's And Justice for All Are you guys heavy metal fans?
Because you talked to a couple of freaky teens with metal pimples?
Stomach cancer patient has metastasis everywhere
Of politicizing the pandemic
Talking about COVID could cause us to lose some of the votes
Pedro lost his mom in the pandemic I don't think that is being opportunistic
Aside for some metal lacerations on his torso, there's no residue, no drag marks, nothing
You just have this metal thing in your leg,
I'm vaccinated
Well, I like that Letters in 2021
We're in 2022 now
I'm going to end tonight with a piece I composed while we were in lockdown
Catastrophes, pandemics, the climate crisis
He talks about this almost individual immunology we've developed, which could become a global or collective immunology, which would be a new metaphysics
Let's put the pedal to the metal then, yeah?
But let's dial back on the famines and pandemics, the whole end of days vibe
Metadata
Fucking metadata
[Jinsu] Just fucking stop! [metal clanks]
[Jinsu grunts, groans] [thuds] [crashes, metal clanks]
[metal clanks]
[glass shatters] [metal clanks] [thuds] [thunder cracks, rumbles] [ominous music]
[metal creaks]
[metal clanking]
[loud metal clanks] [gasps] [metals rasps, clanks]
[metal clanks] Hey
Apparently, no one seen her since she was in here, so [metal clanks]
Whether or not it's categorized that way doesn't depend on its metabolism, but its will to survive
[metal clanks] [breathes shakily] [gasps] [groans]
There is metastasis
Get your hand away You ain't heard of COVID1920
Yo, zoom in on that
I said zoom in on it
Besides, I mean, who's gonna help me explain TikTok references to the boomers?
Is TikTok a Is it a topic that comes up a lot in meetings?
This is a lockdown drill
All students and teachers please follow lockdown procedure
No, it's not like Covid
I almost got killed by brain monsters, and I've just had the crap kicked out of me by a bunch of death metal groupies
And what, that's like Covid?
We are also in possession of a hard drive taken from an Umbrella facility in Bali in 2022
Well, the shard of metal didn't actually reach the carotid artery
Someone drove that piece of metal deeper into her neck, don't you think?
Inside is an insane merging of really brilliant engineering and some metal
Watch, Dennis zooms in
So, the easiest way to kill the listening device is to tamper with the metal contacts like these ones in my radio
This is going to be the most globally damaging midlife crisis since Elon Musk
Why is my wallet on a metal leash?
Could we slap a psychic metaphor over this place so we don't break their tiny brains?
Heaven is deadass lit, fam OcasioCortez 2024
Did your metal detector detect all my medals?
Today, we have on friend of the pod, Elon Musk, who I kidnapped and tied to a chair
After we left lunar orbit, we pressed the pedal to the metal
Two years ago, you were asked to jettison all of your meticulous plans and timetables and move up the launch of Sojourner so we could beat Helios to the Red Planet
We recall the massive power outage that occurred on March 21st, 2021 caused by a similar test
22 MARCH 2021 DISAPPEARANCE ALERT
2021
The right half of the heart is distended and engorged with dark blood, along with the right coronary artery
A lesser component of our metabolism
We have to check the timetable for the Entrepreneurs' dinner
We have some Zoom calls to make to your bankers and brokers to liquidate your stock, to fund my new company:
Added Cherry Metallic year two
No, you can't! It's fucking metal
That's what we named it eight years ago when the pandemic started
The world soon gave in to the pandemic
Shit, these are numbers on a timetable
A ferry timetable The address we've been looking for
They cause a lot of interference on our sound recordings, so we learned the timetable
It's a game they're expected to win, but Covid has affected their build up to the game
Relations between the fans and the club reached a new low in April 2021
He's on the subs bench after recovering from Covid, but 50 million pound defender Ben White is now out with the virus
Tox report's in It shows high levels of testosterone and its metabolites in Saif's bloodstream
Only, the postmortem shows high levels of testosterone and its metabolites in Saif's bloodstream
During lockdown, that was the only thing kept us going
Everyone's going, Lena It's more mandatory than the vaccine
When she started posting on TikTok, her first ever video had us in the background
What I suspect happened is that a blood clot started to block one of her coronary arteries
I took the phone, he resisted, and he hit that metal thing
Elena, could you zoom in on the crack?
The globe was torn apart by fighting, decimated by a pandemic, crushed by loss
Military escort for a quarter mile of Coronado service roads?
All due respect, sir, as soon as you crossed onto base, you left Coronado
Coronado PD is coordinating with SD to get more units on the island
A sign that you're already mid metamorphosis
Your farm metaphors mean nothing to me It's time to fight
During the pandemic, he devoted his self to the unhoused community
You'll have to pass back through the metal detector Oh
Tetanus vaccinations here
Today's date is April 21, 2021
Can you tell him to stop making dumb TikToks of me?
I think that if it had been me, I would've reminded the Premier and her press advisor that during the COVID pandemic of 2020, they themselves put out an immediate end to the sale of alcohol in several locations to protect the children
TEXTS FROM OLIVER HJORTH APRIL 15 2022
MAY 9 2022 HI!
The leader of the opposition in Ukraine has stated
What's he gonna do Steal our Metamucil?
You can watch Carol, later with your Zoom crew
I mean, that boy look like he dancing for KitKot, not TikTok
What about me having an iPhone 6 Plus in 2022 makes you think I can afford Apple Care?
Zoom in on the mirror
My thing is, like, if you extend the metaphor, when you do take a shit, are you supposed to love it like a child?
How about we watch some TikToks?
Uh, let's watch some TikToks
Lady Whistleboy was the school's gossip TikTok loosely based on a Bridgerton character run by a not so anonymous source
Yeah, he's not gonna be satisfied by only touching boobs and watching quirky TikToks in bed or whatever
You want to watch some TikToks?
No certified marks on the metal, craftsmanship's crude
The molten metal was collected from a very peculiar source
Oh, my God, please stop You're butchering a perfect metaphor
The Witch plague vaccine is nearly there
This is so going on TikTok
TikTok
I sit on his face Metaphorically Sometimes literally
It was a little box made out of metal and wood behind a red rock way down in the well
That's a weird metaphor
Is that a metaphor?
The year of the wooden dragon is 2024 June 2nd, 2024
A way for us to make it past 2024
There is no point in buying me a plane ticket or talking about anything past June 2nd, 2024 because I will be dead
Yeah, yeah Somesome kind of metallic, shiny
This zooms in
And this zooms out
It's metal She could've touched it, been electrocuted and stumbled back
Through metal, through the body, into the earth
Metal claws
You can't see the metal claws unless you turn them over
That's the Hotel Del, in Coronado Mmhmm
No Zoom, no teleconference
Hang on I'll zoom in There
Accelerate your timetable
You are looking at a remote seaside church in 2022
See those metal uprights?
You know what weighs me down? Your metaphors!
I'm sick of your metaphors I have to say it
And during lockdown and all those weeks of being stuck at home,
It's probably just someone doing a TikTok dance
Are you good at keeping timetables?
Elon Musk
When the journalist talks, zoom in on him And you, make sure he gets a microphone
The German Elon Musk?
Looks like metal This is how you got it through airport security?
We're on lockdown
Attention Lockdown in progress Attention
Full lockdown
It's always on the TikTok and the Snap Crackle and the
RACHMANINOFF 2021 KOREAN SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA JEONG HAEUN'S RACHMANINOFF
Give the metaphors a rest
Spending your break on TikTok?
All right, lockdown
February 01, 2022
I knew that chip metaphor would work
Anyway, they dressed up in all black, set up a table with a blank black sign and blank nametags
Oh, look It's a visual metaphor for your leadership
Get rid of your metals!
Bumrush this metal chucker and smash it to smithereens!
Everybody, grab something metal
Spoiler: I have to buy new ones every three weeks, because shoes aren't made for metal feet!
We discovered the world's biggest deposit of the rare earth metal Hexon downriver
Good luck getting through the airport metal detector with my steeltoed boot up your ass
It's a more recent metalwork
I don't gotta tell anybody For fuck's sake Is this a metaphor?
A metaphor?
April 05, 2022
Keep this situation on lockdown
Eiffel built the metal bridge and Napoleon III drilled a hole through the rock
#2021We'reNotPlayingHereGuys
[metal clanking]
And he picked up Ron's own baseball bat, the metal kind
It's a metaphor
They should be on lockdown until they've served their fucking sentences
No lockdown
Yeah, it's the one good thing about the pandemic At least you can find a parking space
*THE PATIENT* Season 01 Episode 09 Episode Title: Auschwitz Aired on: October 18, 2022
You work in the bar in Coronation Street now?
So you work in the bar in Coronation Street now?
She's finished off more old guys than COVID
All right, now, I just want to say, no matter what you did to survive that lockdown insanity, you made it
Should we talk about COVID?
Yes! Talking about COVID, I was very involved with Clap for Carers
Being fat made you more susceptible to COVID19
COVID was made in China, right?
And then as she put, there's like a metal end in those things
What a year We had the pandemic, we had Black Lives Matter, we had Amazon, you cleared the fuck up, didn't you?
Last year, I did a Freshers Week comedy gig on Zoom
I did a Freshers Week comedy gig on Zoom
Get to University, essentially a fullpriced prison camp, and yet, to stare into the gallery view of the Saint Andrew's University Freshers Week Zoom comedy night,
And my 20minute comedy set on Zoom essentially became me begging one 18yearold to rush his dinner
If it didn't happen on TikTok, it didn't happen
Do you remember, right back at the start of COVID, when it looked like it might be quite funny?
During lockdown, I started getting into Zoom yoga
And Zoom yoga has its risks
And because it was the start of the first lockdown, a big part of me thought,
I heard of someone who got signed with Avalon this week 'cause they've got TikTok with 500,000 followers
My daughter made me drive to Milton Keynes to see a TikToker's live gig
And doing TikToks with the children
My daughter, I want the TikToker to come to my birthday
I was cocky That first lockdown, when they were like we're gonna be locked down,
My name is Rosie, and this is what your voice sounds like on Zoom
I'm gonna have to find a lad with long COVID who never got a sense of smell back and trick him
I'm trying to think what I wanted to share tonight, and I realized after the years we've had and the lockdown in 2020, it's really taught us what makes a relationship work
We've literally just found out that you tested positive for COVID
I had lots of dreams before the lockdown, man
Got a house two months before the lockdown
Then lockdown happened
Tell you what I got into, tried for the first time, and became a problem during lockdown
Yeah, I know you judge me, but I have had the vaccine
You remember during the pandemic when shops were terrifying and we all had to order food online
Yeah, there might be a global pandemic happening, Asda,
My name's Dave I haven't met you formally yet, but I've been employed as the COVID guy
So if you are double vaccinated, then you don't have to quarantine
Last episode, I got COVID and shut the show down
Fun fact, that's who I got COVID from, and herpes
So this is the extra edition of the show that we've done because you fucked up the series by getting COVID
How did I fuck up the series by getting COVID?
I'll tell you You got COVID
I didn't ask for COVID
It's very meta
Zoom in on the lifeboats
Zoom in on the accommodation
Literally or metaphorically?
It's a metaphor
Pandemic
Scrap metal for sale?
This will be the Coronation day
The day has finally come, the day of the coronation
January 11, 2022
Ooh, are you on TikTok?
Too many metaphors
I'm gonna charm the pants off Bud and Margie, metaphorically
It was a metaphor for capitalism
That was a metaphor!
Feels like a metaphor for my life
I am navigating, and quite possibly building, a very small subsection of the Metaverse
She's been working on her parents' vaccine, and, apparently, she has cracked the code
At that time, the US government commissioned us to develop a vaccine that would eradicate this vampire epidemic worldwide
They were developing a vaccine that would prevent humans from being turned into vampires once bitten
When I mix your blood with my vaccine, it breaks down the mitochondrial DNA and eliminates the mutation
Once the mutation is eliminated, the resultant cellular plasma becomes unstable, causing massive increase in cellular metabolism of ATP
It's the vaccine
She not only figured out a vampire vaccine, but a way to use our blood to kill the vampires
All these bottles are the vaccine?
Also, it seems the Addisons have created a vaccine to kill vampires
Well, kill them all, and bring me the vaccine
The vaccine
The vaccine will get out no matter what happens to me
I have you and the vaccine
WOO SEOLAH ADMITTED: DEC 21, 2021
[metal clangs loudly]
When you run out of gun oil, acetic acid from ketchup and salt for abrasion make a great metal cleaner
I'm making a hash of my metaphors again, aren't I?
No, the metal plate in my head gets too hot
Well, my dad says it's very big with the kids on the TikTok
dancing on TikTok ♪ Who's next? ♪
Like a few hundred thousand followers on Instagram or TikTok
Set a Zoom with the FBI?
January 24, 2022 Hey, geric, what's up?
[ Alarm ringing ] that's the stateoftheart Home security lockdown function!
People are viewing this event as more of a coronation than a contest
I mean, this is Ireland 2022
So I've got 50,000 Instagram followers and 275,000 TikTok followers, and Black women are my core audience
Because this station could potentially trigger a pandemic, we are sealing it off
A pandemic?
There you go All right, zoom back down Nicely done
The pandemic certainly added to that
At Pixar, we've been lucky to be able to work through this pandemic
I do a Zoom meeting every day at that time
You're on TikTok?
I'm not afraid of awkward interactions? Literally or metaphorically?
In this case, a syringe, entry cables, a metal ball
Our company does a lot of sightseeingrelated work, so we've taken a huge hit from this coronavirus
As the number of those infected with the novel coronavirus increases daily, people are feeling more and more insecure
After a conference call with the president of the IOC, he confirmed that they agreed to postpone the Tokyo Olympics in the face of the spread of the novel coronavirus around the world
The coronavirus has served its purpose by extinguishing the Eishin scandal
She'd have to zoom in to see yours
Any park It's only a metaphor
Put the pedal to the metal and go
I mean, on Facebook, on Instagram, on Twitter, on TikTok, you name it
She already gets paid to put on makeup while lipsynching John Mulaney bits on TikTok for some reason
I would love to disagree, but also Logan Paul, TikTok influencers, those BuzzFeed quizzes that tell you which Bridgerton servant you are
The TikTok you made today was better than five of the Star Wars
And commenting on my TikToks with the stareyed emoji
Just think of it as a highly secure metal purse
Between the solar storm and the metaverse, I feel like it's coming out of both ends
They said they were backlogged from COVID, that they had to prioritize more urgent procedures
Special Agent Gaines We went into lockdown as soon as you called
Keep zooming in
It's a small port city in southern Ukraine
Don't you worry I got that on lockdown
Oh, yeah It was a real TikTok moment
Enter passcode to cancel intruder lockdown
Intruder lockdown
They must've tripped the intruder lockdown
Intruder lockdown?
Intruder lockdown canceled
This isn't like you You yelled at him and used a sports metaphor?
Metaphorical man Metaphorical bed
Yeah, I'm actually avoiding a new meta client, so I figured I'd get out of the office, come over, see what Team Flash was up to
You guys got any resolutions for 2022?
Gideon run a meta efficiency test
Meta ability has decreased by 29%
I want to run an exposé on the light meta who works with the Flash
Did you ever sense another speedster in 2022?
I'm the lightmeta in those photos
We got Elon Musk just
I saw Ellie's TikTok and I found it to be very compelling
Under the gas pedal, like a metal bar with springs
and uncover the metaphors hidden in the story
No! No, no, no, guys! No TikTok dances!
March 29, 2022
TikTok, Twitch, Discord? Just tell me where they setting them trends
Studies have shown that people with metastatic lung cancer can actually live longer
He's trapped in a metal fucking box
And then anybody that does not know about this, um, epidemic, not the pandemic, but the epidemic of maternal mortality and morbidity will be, um, able to receive that and walk away with knowledge and then also prayerfully some action
They all died of COVID
In twenty days, ten CintaLarga Indigenous people died of COVID
They're threatening the villages, burning, cutting down trees, bringing coronavirus near the villages
If they get COVID, it would be like a genocide for them
Because of COVID, we're creating our own media team
We're giving you this mask to protect ourselves from COVID
Three for two dollars means their coins are likely made out of metal composite, which means their coins would float
Testing the strength of the metallic bonding
The Tiara of Saint Sylvester used in Papal coronations since the 13th century
I don't have any metal
The watch is metal
Very hard on the top of your left foot, breaking at least three or four metatarsals
My Zoom call got canceled, so you go do you
Can we put her back on Zoom school?
The pandemic happened
After the lockdown, I just
Due to a global pandemic, all of the court hearings had to be done by video link
He could move metal
He was lucky not to be sanctioned over the invasion of Ukraine
Michael asked if he could get a TikTok account today
Zoom in
We'll begin the meeting of March 14, 2023
DATE OF DATA JULY 30, 2022
Oh, look at them zooming in! Aw! His little face!
Pinch in to zoom out
I also have precious metals What?
The Conrads said she moved out of state to be with family during the pandemic
I like making TikToks, uh, play a lot of Magic
What do you think is gonna happen to the two of you when I make a TikTok out of this call and the entire world hears that neither Gloria nor Dan lifted a finger to help prevent a mass casualty event?
No, because they have these fun little metal handles, and of course the princess just had to have Chinese
Yeah, but the second lockdown wiped him out
Okay, so I tried a new recipe, and I hope that you are feeling real open 'cause I'm not gonna tell you what it is, but I saw it on TikTok
I used to like heavy metal
Do you young ones know Metallica?
Can you zoom in, please?
Can you zoom into the sixth floor?
The Grand Prize winner for the 2022 Rube Goldberg Elementary Competition is
2022 RUBE GOLDBERG CONTEST GRAND PRIZE, 1,000,000 WON
2022 ELEMENTARY INTENSIVE COURSE GIFTED STUDENT SELECTION TEST ROOM GUIDE
Um metaphorically?
It's 2022 No patdowns
Listen, it's 2021, okay?
The whole lockdown, that's what brought us closer
I would have loved to make a baby with you duringÂ lockdown
*STATION19* Season 05 Episode 09 Episode Title: Started from the Bottom Aired on: February 24, 2022
Alright, it's metal on metal, so it's gonna get pretty loud
[car zooming] [car crashes]
I refuse to fail [metal clangs]
It was nine days for MERS, two weeks for Covid19, and even three weeks for Ebola
[grunts] [metal clanks] [all snarling]
[snarling] [metal clanking] [car horn honking]
and a citywide lockdown And a citywide lockdown
Sidecar investments were activated for both KOSPI and KOSDAQ which came as volatile market respondent to Covid19 [male protester] No refugees from Hyosan!
[metal clanks] [grunts]
[suspenseful music continues] [metal clanks, creaks]
[grunting] [metal creaking]
[grunting] [metal creaking] [growls]
[metal clanks] [growling]
[breathes heavily] [metal clanking] [metal clanks]
[metal clanking]
[sniffles] [metal clanks] [breathes heavily]
[metal creaking] [thudding] [screeching]
[breathes heavily] [metal clanking]
We're gonna go zoom on the motorcycle, hm?
[medic] We need to study him to create a treatment or a vaccine, but we don't have equipment or scientists
When I said arson before, I was speaking metaphorically
Because her OB had the audacity to suggest that Lisa get vaccinated, but she didn't want to
Tell me something, ifif I needed a transfusion, could you guarantee that the donor was unvaccinated?
That spike protein that the vaccine makes your body produce is a toxin
Like all you doctors have since the beginning of this pandemic
We're the same type, but I'm vaccinated So, no
You're vaccinated, yeah
I'm okay, and I tested negative for COVID
Thiamine metabolism dysfunction syndrome, just like her brother had ten years ago
You do know bullets go through metal, right?
I understand the metaphor
No, no That wasn't a metaphor
But, staying with your metaphor, it's not
Pardon me Pardon me I got carried away with the metaphors
You're more of, like, a gunmetal leather kind of girl
Everybody was checking their COVID passes and stuff
You guys had to show your COVID pass, right?
Yeah Or your easily obtainable fake COVID pass
COVID pass team was like, White paper, black lines
I mean, in theory, we're all vaccinated, right?
At this point, like, 96% of doctors are vaccinated, and I feel like, at this point, if you don't want the vaccine, you're kind of like a white dude with dreadlocks
People go in on the folks that don't want the vaccine though, right?
They were like, Dude, are you vaccinated? He was like, I
Should I get the vaccine?
Yes, there's nothing showing it actually helps with COVID, but when you just say they're taking horse medicine, it pushes them further away
It shows tweets like, This COVID thing's a hoax I'm never wearing a mask
You know, my uncle didn't get the vaccine, and he passed away
My dad talked to him four days before and was begging him to get the vaccine, and he didn't want to do it
He was supposed to get the vaccine and he wouldn't do it
A few months before the pandemic, Ice Cube got a colonoscopy
You know, one cool thing, you know, after lockdown and everything, a lot of people stood up for themselves
It's intense You go in there, it's like the Chipotle got COVID
There's an avocado shortage and our guacamole guy quit last week, and now he makes $50,000 a year doing guacamole videos on TikTok!
Why aren't we out there like, We gotta help all these people after COVID
Oh, the vaccine's gonna put a microchip in me and turn me into a robot
We had metal shop together
Found her this morning when I was cleaning out the Camaro for the scrap metal guy
Metaphorically
FYI, that donut was a metaphor for you
She's super cool She likes to longboard She's into TikTok, etcetera
I actually meant for you to metaphorically destroy it
Metaphorically speaking, of course
Yeah, hopefully that's a metaphor
No Instagram, no TikTok
even during a pandemic
Once COVID ends, people will absolutely go back to eating out
Then we'll go to the saloon, you know, spit into a metal thing
Slow down Zoom in
According to the metadata, the photo was taken in 2019
(2005)* Season 17 Episode 02 (IMDB) Episode Title: Dressed Down Aired on: January 31, 2022
[ Metal grinding, chickens clucking ]
February 22, 2022 Did you find it?
They're the reason why millions of people won't get a vaccine that could save their lives
I hit you up, like, two months ago about that, uh, that lockdown party, you remember?
[Byeongchan] A virus must have a consistent pattern for us to create a vaccine
It's impossible to create a vaccine
Send all the reservists to create a lockdown zone in Yangdong and evacuate the city
[zombies growling] [all panting] [metal clanks]
[metal clanks] [emotive music]
[breathes heavily] [metal clanks]
[grunts] [metal clanks] [thuds]
[metal clanks] [groans, pants]
[dramatic music] [metal clanks] [sighs] [dramatic music continues]
[foreboding music] [grunting] [metal pierces flesh] [both grunting] [shrieks]
[metal clanks]
[reporter 2] This comes three months and 17 days since martial law was imposed due to the pandemic
You try sitting still while you're crammed into a metal cage
She creates individualized plans for her patients that include genetics, environmental factors and even metabolic function
That would not be the metaphor I'd expect from an excellent writer
It's the first time she's been able to do that since the pandemic Hey, buddy
Could you zoom in, please
I want to fuck other people nowâ¦ before IÂ metamorphosize into a nut sack with a visor
Let me just dangle my pubes, my longass pandemic pubes over your forehead and squirt into your nose hole
If you don't understand the supply and demand metaphor, what I'm trying to tell you is my body still produces pussy juice, people
We both thought Metal was in the clear, too, right?
Thankfully, it's not COVID, but she won't be with us the next couple of days
There's no extradition treaty and no COVID restrictions either
She's 25 years old, ear infection in 2004, vaccinations up to date
So, the scans show that there are multiple metal fragments peppered throughout your abdomen
on TikTok? Oh Right
Hmm! Dawarli, Zoomi, Tayara, all these startups
Um, so, we inserted a stent His coronary artery was almost totally blocked
From PrincipalR2021
For a man recovering from a coronary?
One of the first we treated for COVID
Parents aren't allowed in due to COVID19 protocols
You're asserting that a newspaper, which is made of paper, broke that statue, which is made of metal
You still renting porn in 2021?
We can tighten up our TikToks
You're a time traveler from the year 2022 I'm Addison Augustine
Then when you leap, we can pull you right back to 2022
*BIG SKY* Season 02 Episode 10 Episode Title: Happy Thoughts Aired on: March 03, 2022
55677 grain full metal jacket
March 06, 2022 Good morning, my aurora imaginarybestfriendealis
Metaphorically speaking
How the fuck do you think we made it through COVID, huh?
Automatic lockdown
That's a lockdown
What lockdown?
Why is there a lockdown?
Especially in this combination of metals
Um, I realize the irony of this, but you really shouldn't let anyone without a vaccine card in
But COVID slowed my trial down, and I couldn't make bail
FILMING WAS IN COMPLIANCE WITH COVID19 GUIDELINES
Metallica This is a great album
And it was canceled due to COVID this year
Como is actually opening in 2023
Can electricity come from this animal, go through somebody, and into a metal key and then into somebody else?
I'm like, What do you mean? He goes, COVID
Because of the coronavirus, today is our first day filming again in seven months
This is Don, our COVID safety officer for today
I'm a COVID19 compliance officer
I thought that was a COVID test
That was the first thing we shot back from COVID So already, the guys were on their toes
Before COVID, the national hotline got 20,000 calls a day
Well, I was digging deeper into her file, and it says here she used to see one regularly for years, you know, till the pandemic started
So lookso this pandemic, it's just been hard on everybody
This is the first time I've had a conversation like this with anyone since the pandemic started
Ooh She's using fruit metaphors
Oh my god Sweetie, it's a metaphor
Smalltime crime family based in Ukraine
You look just like guy I knew in Ukraine
You look just like guy I knew in Ukraine He's dead
The headphones are a metaphor
400 YEARS LATER, CENTRAL METALLION CONTINENT, KINGDOM OF METALLICANA
The Kingdom of Metallicana will finally belong to me!
We must protect Princess Sheila Tuel Metallicana, no matter what!
He overran the entire Kingdom of Metallicana
I, Shelia Tuel Metallicana, would like Hhey!
CENTRAL METALLION CONTINENT, KINGDOM Of JUDAS
During their invasion of the castle of Metallicana,
A coronary will do it for them Would you calm down? You're safe now
Everything's a joke or TikTok or some frivolous thing
But I think we should make some fun TikToks
Season 17 Episode 07 (IMDB) Aired on: March 07, 2022/font
It forces me to grow physically, mentally, spiritually, metaphysically, metaspiritually,
I learned a couple of things during COVID
Have you thought about where we're gonna go when this pandemic is over?
My day every day during lockdown
Some really good stuff I became a grandpa for the very first time during COVID
One of the things I missed the most during COVID was this, being on the road
Where were you between the hours of 11:00 am and 4:00 pm on December 13th, 2021?
[Wonjung] Case Number 2021P2598
2021CC2611
GLAMPING IN FALL SEPTEMBER 25, 2021
Case number 2022 CC 2577
[all screaming] [tires screech] [metal clangs]
[Geunhee] Case number 2022 CC 4012
[faint people talking] [metallic clanking] [background chatter]
Case number 2022 P3409
[Geunhee] Case number 2022PU3409
Exhusbands, pandemics
But with all that downtime during the pandemic,
Dr Shepherd will direct the robotic arm to bring the metal cannula into place 4 millimeters shy of our target, while I will adjust the coordinates
Look, look, it's a drawing of masked beings letting a giant robot drill metal tubes into a man's head, injecting him with an unknown substance
When their dicks are impotent, those shits replace them with metal bars, clubs, the army
He has cancer It's metastatic It's Stage 4
First visit was with COVID last year
The COVID road's been a long one for a lot of people
Yeah, but I mean, this culture is Chicago, 2022
More damage from COVID? Yes
Metal
Metal, I choose you
Metal, remember this
Metal, help me!
Metal, I don't have much time left
Damn, Metal hasn't returned
Metal
Metal really is good Whichever temple we go to, she has everything prepared
METAL!
I had Nicholas call her We're moving it to a Zoom
I hate Zooms I don't get to show off my personality
[SCREAMING METAL PLAYS]
Her floating on the wood at the end both is and is not a metaphor
I mean, of course, that's, uh, metaphorical oil, not fossil fuels
Well, there's always 2026 You skipped 2024
McLaren enter 2021 with the spotlight firmly on them
Day one of 2021 saison
Going into 2021, the Haas could not be more different
Guenther's in a really weird space this year because 2021 is about survival for Haas
It's about making it through however many races there are in the year and getting to 2022
Welcome to Monaco, the jewel in Formula 1's crown, and it's the fifth round of the 2021 World Championship
Qualifying for the 2021 Monaco Grand Prix is underway
This year, the British Grand Prix is the biggest race of the season because it's the first full capacity crowd at an F1 race since the start of the pandemic
Catching COVID was the worst experience probably of my life
The sprint race format is being trialed at three races in 2021
For 2021, Renault have rebranded Alpine
It is round seven of the Formula 1 World Championship 2021
You know, after not having the best first of 2021, they kept supporting me all the way throughout
The world champion tested positive for COVID19
Welcome along to the final round of this 2021 season
It's time for qualifying for the final race of the 2021 season
Elderly people: watch out for COVID and Michela Giraud
It was the month of May, 2021 AD, and I read this story Demi Lovato, 'I am nonbinary
He cheated on me with her while I had COVID
He was Elon Musk
I mean, it's 2022
They wanted to keep it pandemicsafe
Didn't survive the pandemic
Wanna do a TikTok with me?
But I remember crossing a metal bridge
A metal bridge are you sure?
I'm on the metal bridge, Harry what now?
We found six metal pipes and some plumbing tools on the roof
The, uh All right, I get the metaphor
The metal compound you retrieved from Jennings' remains contains an aluminum base which we know can conduct electrical current to a primary charge
You know what, I don't understand why they can't just call us and tell us the chef has COVID before we drive all the way out there
But nothing glass It's gotta be metal I got it
We ran into Elon Musk there and talked a little bit about rockets and and plans what to do
Elon Musk's fortune will be riding on it
In the history of spaceflight, only four entities have launched a space capsule into orbit and successfully brought it back to the Earth, the United States, Russia, China, and Elon Musk
Oh, here we go Elon Musk back making headlines
What is going on with Elon Musk?
Launching in the midst of a coronavirus pandemic, it's been a challenge
I have to pack masks It's a freaking pandemic
Coronavirus happened, and we made it
And it looks like the stent was placed in the location of a coronary artery dissection
We can't fix his coronary arteries with more stents They're too damaged
Perhaps because now my head is screwed into a metal frame
*STATION 19 Season 05 Episode 14 Episode Title: Alone in the Dark Aired on: March 31, 2022
Hey, Fullmetal
No nice work, Fullmetal Alchemist
Edward Elric, the Fullmetal Alchemist
Oh yes, I got to meet the Fullmetal Alchemist
The Fullmetal Alchemist, Edward Elric is here!
The Fullmetal Alchemist is fighting him
[metal detector beeping] [security guard] All right, come on over
In 2024, this will be our new ROCK Center
The guy hits the metal, then goes drinking?
Opened right before the pandemic and closed two months later
No, he's not cold, mate He's made of metal, look!
Was so much blood, she could taste metal in the air
So let's keep the pedal to the metal
No, it was just a metaphor
Doesn't it need vaccinations?
When COVID19 was at its peak, my friend went to the airport to visit her aunt in the States
Thank you for not dying during the pandemic
I feel like 2021 was the year that people who peaked in high school really found their voice [laughter]
Don't come to the front during a pandemic because you figured out how to start a podcast
You think with MAGA idiots, Asian hate, uncontrolled COVID,
Spread it, spread awareness of vaccines
Ronny, if you don't use your platform to spread awareness of vaccines, do you know antivaxxers might not take the vaccine and they could die? [imitates crying]
If you calculate efficiency on that curve, at this point, it will be socially irresponsible for me to tell people about vaccines
My mom in Singapore, literally begging me not to come back to America at the peak of the pandemic
You'll literally performing clinical trials in yourself, like you're trying to find a COVID vaccine
It's the same energy that allows you to create a miracle mRNA vaccine in under a year
Let's use everything we've ever learned, our entire knowledge base, every resource at our disposal, every immigrant who ever got a PhD, every localborn PhD student, let's combine forces and create this miracle mRNA vaccine in under a year
Like, I was walking down West 4th Street in Manhattan in New York City, minding my own business, not looking at my phone, actually paying attention to the world around me during the pandemic
Well, then, you ought to go overseas when this pandemic ends That's what I'm doing
Appreciate the unsolicited advice but that's a really bad metaphor
I just need to get through the coronation
Yeah, but it was a perfect metaphor for our entire relationship
No, it was a metal gate
But I'm from California [chuckling] and, um, I don't know if you've heard, but we're in the third year of our twoweek lockdown, and it's going really badly
It's very tricky to have a lockdown because about six months into it, I was like,
Any word on the twoweek lockdown?
And then a few months after that, there were some whispers of a vaccine
You know, lockdown
And she goes, I know I have COVID and I came in
Should we zing zang zoom this guy to the moon?
Cameraman, zoom in
I mean, you know, metaphorically saved his soul in the sense that all kids save their parents by giving their life meaning
VOICE MAIL DECEMBER 9, 2022, 11:05
I think it's a beautiful metaphor
Over the past several months, we've been detecting increased activity from demihumans and monsters in the wildlands bordering the Kingdom of Metallicana
I once heard something about there being a golem hidden deep underground below Metallicana castle
Metallicana is in the midst of a crisis we've never experienced before
And it's not only Metallicana, the entire human race will be in danger if they resurrect Anthrasax
Metallicana is about to fall
Deliver this message to the Third Army as they attack Metallicana!
Empress Nei, a messenger has arrived from Metallicana bearing a letter that formally requests a peace talk
I certainly hope it's not the fierce battle going on at Metallicana Castle
You realize Metallicana castle is under attack, even as we speak, right?
Prince Lars Ul Metallicana used a forbidden spell that would allow him to defeat Dark Schneider
And it's also close to the battle in Metallicana
Metallicana has been rescued! Isn't that great?
When I make my return, the Kingdom of Metallicana will meet it's downfall, and you will meet your death!
I don't want to see you get hurt just for Metallicana's sake anymore I
I can't just stand by and watch you break your body for Metallicana's sake
Metallicana is forever lost
*THE RESIDENT* Season 05 Episode 17 Episode Title: The Space Between Aired on: April 05, 2022
Normally I hate farming metaphors, but that's a good one
You're not getting off with your metaphysical shit
Well, the funeral metaphor isn't too far off
Any idea what a metaphor is, Robles?
Previously  on The Endgame You look just like a guy I knew in Ukraine, he's dead
They're a shadowy group in Ukraine, a family operation
Zoom in on that delivery van in front of the hotel
We're gonna cut this piece of metal that's lodged in your abdomen, okay?
*THE RESIDENT* Season 05 Episode 18 Episode Title: Ride or Die Aired on: April 12 2022
Dislocated big toe, and a metatarsal fracture
Greyland recently closed a metal shredding facility in a white affluent neighborhood, and the mayor just approved the final permit to relocate that facility to South Chicago, into a lower income neighborhood
Somehow guessing that metal shredding, not the best thing for the environment
Last I checked, nothing's changed They're still relocating the metal shredder
All right, let's CAT scan him, get plasmafree metanephrines, and, uh, at worst, we'll definitively rule it out
What about the metanephrines?
Your anthrax vaccines, along with the lack of any dried spores, is likely gonna keep you from dying
I can't say for sure, but I believe its chemical structure will make current vaccines and treatments less effective
So, if you expose some tourists and they got sick, it'll feel like a pandemic
Here it was Covid relief fraud and cop corruption
He hasn't touched his Covid or police corruption stories in weeks
He came with the evacuation of Kabul in August 2021, but his family was left behind
They created very special freezerlight, easy to build, easy to move, so that vaccines can be distributed in countries like ours
The hospital is full of unvaccinated people who hate us
They got him on lockdown How could you own him?
And then there was a pandemic So I just needed a change
Grades, TikTok, that kind of thing
Larry was in construction, but business dried up after COVID
Ugh Patient floors are all on lockdown
Zoom in
If she can be that brave in Ukraine,
We're in lockdown!
That can't happen We're in a lockdown
So, now the only one left is in Metallicana
March on Metallicana!
The first seal has been released, and Anthrasax's metabolism has already been restored to 30% of its full level
So now all that's left to be done is for my Army of Decay to seize the last seal from Metallicana!
And that's bad news because with every metamorphosis, the God of Destruction's power increases
The Demon Mail and the Devil Mace, and the Satan Ring, all gathered here in Metallicana!
But instead, the Devil Mace has been sucking up all the life force from the people of Metallicana and then being sent to strengthen the Satan Ring, beautiful girl
There's a dark cloud forming in the sky over Metallicana Castle
Long live Metallicana!
Metallicana!
Metallicana!
You brought misfortune and chaos to Metallicana
Hey, remember that cruise my wife and I were supposed to take right before COVID?
CHOI JUNWOONG DATE 10/12/2021 along with a new name
For criminal liability 2022 POLICE ACADEMY RECRUITMENT EXAM ADMISSION TICKET
We found a tumor on Kong's kidney and it's metastasized to the other organs
A metaphor Wow, exciting
A good metaphor is catnip to me
Just likeâ¦ Are you ready for the metaphor?
Okay, so, Chad, now, we are mixing metals here, honey
When there are real things to deal with, like COVID and everything else that happened this year
But during the COVID pandemic, the swimming halls have been closed
And we heard the text ring call from his Zoom call
Luckily, no, thanks to the lockdown you ordered
She's an actual cult leader that has a pretty strong following here on TikTok in the spiritual community
*THE DEEP END (2022)* Season 01 Episode 04
Episode Title: The Adversary Aired on: June 08, 2022
Her metabolic functions will be telling
And if he's already sick, then why are you giving him a vaccine?
That is a ridiculous metaphor,
*THE RESIDENT* Season 05 Episode 20 Episode Title: Fork in the Road Aired on: April 26, 2022
*THE RESIDENT* Season 05 Episode 21 Episode Title: REisk Aired on: May 03, 2022
I've come to put the Chastain ER under lockdown
Hospital's on lockdown Go to the ER at Atlanta General
Look, all transplant recipients need to be vaccinated For the flu, hepatitis
Transplant programs simply can't give an organ to someone who refuses the necessary vaccines
We can explain the science, right? There is no reason to fear vaccines
We're not forcing him to do anything, but the bottom line is you don't get a rare resource like new lungs if you're not vaccinated
Hey My mind is made up I will never get vaccinated
The lockdown of Chastain's ER created tremendous stress on the Atlanta hospital system
I'm here to discuss an act of violence against a health care professional, not Chastain's policy, which is consistent with policy throughout the country, requiring vaccination for transplant listing
Who apparently has been podcasting from his room, painting himself as the victim of the deep state's vaccine requirements for transplantation
Because I won't get vaccinated
I'm vaccinated
He's fully vaccinated
I even have his vaccination records
Yeah, but since we can't reveal to anyone that he's vaccinated, even his wife
We only list patients for transplant if they've been vaccinated
Are youare you saying Jimmy's vaccinated?
Have you been vaccinated all along?
One vaccine down, five to go
Vaccines: Guess who got them?
Because she went public online and called you out as vaccinated, you're going to say she's lying
You know how many people who say they're antivax are really vaccinated?
Vaccines are not the only thing you need to be listed
Well, they did make a TikTok video reciting the periodic table while twerking
*THE RESIDENT* Season 05 Episode 23 Episode Title: Neon Moon Aired on: May 17, 2022
On the metal?
Metal is a luxury Toughen up, George
The civil case happened in fall of 2021
And here we are in 2022 and he has yet to face justice
She is present on the Zoom as well as my trial partner
What I discussed with Mr Hornstein was possibly picking a jury the week of 04/25 and then starting testimony on the week of 05/02, or in the alternative having Detective Webb testify via Zoom at the trial during the week of 04/25
To have the lead detective on the case by Zoom is not going to work
Thank you, Mr Meyers and the rest of the people that are on the Zoom
Which, now that I think about it, is kind of just a weird metaphor for planting the seed
The prison is about to go into lockdown
Have you seen all that stuff on Mental Health TikTok?
Yeah, so this TikToker, he made, like, this whole timeline of your life, and then crossreferences the various deaths, murders, etc, with the DSM5
I only get 10 minutes of internet a day here, and mostly, I use it to watch pornography and TikToks
Okay, zoomers!
Your parents told you you could be anything you want, and your stupid teachers reinforced that bullshit, so you come out with your little TikToks and your fuckin' podcasts like everybody wants to hear what you have to say
Amelia told me that when you had COVID, this place nearly broke without you
The hospital broke because of COVID
Okay, when's the last time you had a heavy metal screening?
A devastating pandemic wiped out millions of people's lives
You arrived during a pandemic
When Meredith was in the hospital with Covid, it was me, Amelia and four kids living here, so
Well, being wrongly blamed for Covid did not help
She recommended we find a metallurgist
Um, as Jimmy alluded to, I have extensive knowledge of metallurgy
He says he's a 15yearold from Oceanside, but metadata from his BratChat account suggests he's actually around 40
Lockdown! Let's go, now!
I also saw this metallic dust
I mean, the metallic dust I found? They were filing off serial numbers
Except for the one in your apartment, which is right now sending ProUkraine propaganda to the Kremlin
Initiating lockdown
We were doing Zooms for a year
They didn't understand why they were watching TikToks of his kids there, and they weren't there
I did have Covid
I don't know what's wrong with me, and I talked to a doctor the other day and they said that postCovid sometimes you can have, like, heightened cortisol, I guess
Can we put extra C in your IV, just because of the Covid?
I'm definitely not a good cutter so don't zoom in on me
So, we want to do the Zoom call
You did the Zoom with Bishop Jakes
Because when you do any movement, like, you do exercise or you have sex, you make your metabolism move
My eggs Yes, I've seen this on TikTok
Are you watching TikTok?
My mom is known for saying a good metaphor or a catchphrase
Are you excited for Poosh Wellness 2022?
So I took a COVID test and it's not COVID, so I am going to shoot tomorrow
Are you excited for Poosh Your Wellness 2022?
A lot of dreams came true today but definitely very meta
Today, I am setting up to surprise Zoom the final girls that made it to the Good squad from the open casting calls
was in March 2021 in Houston, Texas
was in March 2021 in Houston, Texas
I know he's gonna figure this out We should really get you back to 2022
Now, that makes sense But how did Cecile end up with your metapowers?
I need two visitor passes to the metawing in Iron Heights ASAP
I'll stay here I'll go to 2022 and get help
'Cause we're going to need all the metapower we can get
She's taking the cuffs off, but this is a meta interrogation cell
The walls are metadampened, so you won't be able to read anything except us
No No way She said these walls were metadampened
Look, I don't know how, but, Horton, you're becoming one of the most powerful metas this city has ever seen
Eobard, I wanted to share metapowers with the world so people could heal their bodies and live fuller lives
I think she's seeing something from 2022
Even if he did kill Mom, now, in 2022, we're still here
Wife and kids got super into baking during COVID and just haven't stopped
Pandemic
We got married during the pandemic, and, yes, my visa was expiring, but, uh, at the time, we had been dating for a couple of years, and we were afraid if I had to go back to Italy,
between the government shutdown and and the pandemic and and everything,
They were overwhelmed with COVID
Metastatic Advanced
So, you are all aware that blood has been in short supply since the pandemic
Yeah, there's a nationwide blood shortage since they closed the mobile clinics in the pandemic
I pulled the MPEG metadata from the ransom video, and I extracted a location
Uh, there's at least ten addresses here I'll crosscheck them with the metadata
There are seven addresses here that fall right within the radius of the metadata
Zoom in on that right there
Zoom with Karlo Capital at 7:00
Girl is metal
You do know there's this thing called Zoom, right?
Accepted Material Rubber, Metal, Paper
I grew up playing on scorching hot metal monkey bars in the middle of summer
[audience cheering] Better than vaccine!
Metaphorically
There's that literal side of Khonshu, and then there is the metaphor which is the embodiment of Marc's rage
[man 1] Let me just zoom into it
I was down around the plant and, uh on certain days, you could taste a metallic taste in your mouth
When you dig deeper and talk to people in the community, they had metallic taste, eye irritation, diarrhea, projectile vomiting
Wait How do I zoom?
I felt like my breath was so bad, I pushed this child to discover metaphors
My parents died of COVID
And I think I gave it to them because I wasn't old enough to be vaccinated
Bronze? Any other metal?
♪ Okay, zooming in now
We could disturb that fuel to the point where we would initiate supercriticality, at which point it would've ejected masses of radioactive metal, or it would've burned through the bottom of the reactor
And according to my records, you have an outstanding copy of Kafka's The Metamorphosis, you little intellectual
For copies of The Metamorphosis
I was either coming down with a horrible case of eczema or I was turning into a cockroach like in The Metamorphosis
The accident occurred at the Chernobyl station in the Ukraine
Who needs The Vampires 2022?
RoidesPuces, bring us a piece of sheet metal to practice on
Metaphorically, PHMG is not just a knife, it's like a sharp scalpel
That metaphorical scalpel is killing an honorable corporation!
Oh, God, if you're going to start using sports metaphors, then I'm going to start using comic ones
It's feasible the palladium has neutralized the other metals in your body, compromising you
Moreover, if I apply a certain amount of heat to your body, the way the ancient alchemists did to metal, you could be forged
May 09, 2022 The instructions were no jewelry, Mum
I'm afraid we found multiple polyps in your colon that are malignant and have metastasized
This is probably too meta, but
It was a metaphor, okay, it's like
And over lockdown, I decided to do this amazing thing called reading the comments
Um, it was actually sort of like the biggest problem during lockdown for me was all of the afternoons I spent alone in my room, like,
And so I did And so I masturbated a ton over lockdown
Zoom in on that piece
He has a history of coronary artery disease
It sounds good, but when you actually zoom in and explore what's going on with that character, if that character is just a lawless character who is doing really cool action sequences, that's not Star Wars
And it's COVID, and everyone's remote So, you're limited to a Zoom call
Justice has no timetable
Because the vaccination contract is at a critical point right now
And as it is, we're inÂ the final stages of talks with the government regarding the vaccination program
[Inspector General] On Wednesday, May 17th, 2021, at approximately 1:41 am, officers wereÂ dispatched to the Yellow Daffodil Hotel in Lagos, for a discovery of a dead body
Elon Musk is the richest man who has ever lived but says he doesn't own a house
CEO Elon Musk creating chaos with a single tweet
Hi, Elon Musk speaking
It's 7 o'clock in the morning and Elon Musk anxiously waits for his prize for paying his dues to the valley
One notable response from a guy named Elon Musk
Elon Musk
A month after Space X is formed, a buyout of Paypal nets Elon Musk 250 million dollars
In 2004, Elon Musk invests a $6 million dollar stake in a small electric car company called Tesla, becoming chairman of the board
Elon Musk now has two companies with unproven and highly experimental products
And here we are with Elon Musk
What we're hearing in the background is Elon Musk addressing the employees of Space X
There's only one thing it can mean The timetable has been moved up
Wait, maybe it's zoomed in
Now you've got us on lockdown for three times as long
Oh, uh Lockdown lifted
Zoom Zoom Zoom
Zoom
Zoom
Um, pretend it zoomed a billion times and tell me what I'd be seeing
Shut down the con Put everyone on lockdown
Right, or blow our shiny butts into scrap metal
Who were you expecting? Elon Musk?
We've had three lockdown drills since the school year started
She came here four months ago from Ukraine
Okay And Abraham Lincoln is obviously a metaphor for my father, Peter
Look how strong my body looks! Zoom it!
Okay, if I'm a human dialysis machine and my body is metabolizing the poison I'm producing maybe I can leech it out of this wormwood
Okay I'm gonna put in a lot of zooms
This season, it's been very, very challenging, given global pandemic
Because of the pandemic, no fans coming into the ground to pay the one major income stream
We even open on Christmas Day and Christmas night, but like every other pub, we've been closed because of COVID
It's your metaphor, Hartley, keep up
Shit, no This is the metaphysical realm
I'm going into the metaphysical realm to kill the Devil and get my daughter, and I need you to watch my body while I'm gone
They did mine silver, which is the most reflective metal, but, with all due respect to the Mayans, reflection is just the change in direction of light waves when they bounce off of a barrier, and they obey
Bruno was my last mistake of 2022
Since before the pandemic, right?
Metaphors
That's actually a perfect metaphor
Throughout the movie, you portrayed metaphors and symbols beautifully, from the protagonist's studio apartment to the snowy, desolate streets of England
I think this case is related to case number 2022000832, that the Seoul Jungdaemun Police Station is investigating
It doesn't matter, it's on TikTok
It's a completely unknown metal
Orichalcum is a metal that gets harder the more it's pressurized
With Russia's invasion of Ukraine and China poised to move on Taiwan any minute, we need to ask ourselves if the US were attacked, would we really continue to rely on a select few special operators to defend our whole nation?
Injury only changed the timetable
The title is a metaphor for the struggle that women face in a maledominated
Check out the new 2022 Ram Pickup at your local
Well, you can blame me all you want, but if the preteens on TikTok have taught me anything, it's that I should never be ashamed of my journey, and I have what is referred to as a dump truck
Please just make sure it's 250 words minimum and no metaphors
I know we have a lot to talk about, but it can wait until 2023
Zooming in on Romeo
Zooming in on Naeun
Subtitles Â© SBS Australia 2023
They can ride an iron horse as large as a house, fly in a giant eagle made of metal and even burn an entire mountain overnight
In 2013, a couple was hiking in the Sierra Nevada Mountains when they noticed an old metal can embedded in a tree near a hillside with an oddly shaped rock
We can zoom in here, and you will see all those Quonset Hut pathways
That's him hitting metal targets
Theirs are calibrated to detect precious metals like gold coins
To most metal detectors, its signature is nearly identical to a gold coin
My detector's reading like a precious metal, but it's in the same place that Thom thinks there might be a bomb
Heavy metal
Whatever is below the white flag has now set off both Thom's ironbased UXO detector and Jay's precious metal detector
He was performing a coronary artery bypass graft
Given the amount of blood loss, he should use a coronary shunt
There must be air in the coronary
I didn't start counting until 2023
Bang Zoom
We have that Zoom meeting with that real estate agent
On February 14th, 2022, at Seoul Northern Detention Center, the defendant murdered Park Kitae by stabbing his neck several times with a broken toothbrush, causing the victim to die on the spot from excessive bleeding
BANSEOK FOUNDATION 2022 EXTRAORDINARY BOARD MEETING
On February 14th, 2022, the defendant ordered a deathrow inmate, Nam Hyukchul, to murder a victim, Park Kitae, at Seoul Northern Detention Center
On March 23rd, 2022, he murdered a victim, Lee Dohyung, by stabbing him in the neck in the parking lot of Banseokwon
On March 23rd, 2022, at around 10 am, the day of the hearing for the Minister of Health and Welfare, you met with the victim who was to testify as a witnessâ¦ at your hearing
On March 23rd, 2022 at around 9 am, you installed a camera and an audio recording device in your car and filmed the footage of the victim meeting the defendant
Around 10 am on March 23rd, 2022, you met Assistant Director Lee Dohyung with Gu Jingi, the defendant
Got some weird metallic blue powder here
Metal scrap, from mill work at the haunted house
The stuff you use to stop metal from rusting
Now you teach classes on Zoom from the living room of your creekside cabin
In any case, I deserve a metal for being a loyal friend
Zoom in
She even has a profile on TikTok
Some TikTok trends are about to go down here
How much are we speaking metaphorically?
I never speak metaphorically
He just went into the oil (T/N: Metaphorically speaking about him as a chicken)
Use it to open the lid of the ink pad and seal it* (Metaphorically speaking, seal the deal by killing the man and prove yourself)
Covering nearly 18 million acres, the Florida Wildlife Corridor was officially recognized in state law in 2021
They've come from, uh, Finland, Canada, Ukraine by way of Cyprus, oh, and my first love, the United Kingdom
Well, you know how TikTok replaced Instagram?
Okay, so VidTap replaced TikTok
This is the way to kill COVID
Major events around the world have been canceled because of coronavirus
And it was like in an interesting time, the midst of like COVID and everyone was quarantining
As of January 10, 2022,
February 24th, 2022
On 4 PM, April 17th, 2022, at Cheonggakjeong, all of Joyce Entertainment's investors will gather for the signing ceremony for the Shinmyeong land development project
You know, the metal chairs with the logos, brightcolored plastic tablecloths, and the clotheslines
Representing the TikTok generation, Cristiano
Those TikToks are just dumb
Are you saving your energy for your walk of shame back to Coronado?
You rat! Mametaro Where'd you get the hamster?
He's Mametaro!
He's Mametaro
Mametaro
Mametaro?
I was dealing with Mametaro, which led to a police chase, and I ran Masa over
Fastbreaking developments in the coronavirus emergency in the US and around the world
Which came out a lot during COVID
No metastasis It's clean
So that weight coupled with the change in my metabolism, it's, uh, been difficult
How has your pandemic been?
The people that are like, You gotta get vaccinated
America, love it or leave it All right, take the vaccine
You gotta fuckin' run the length of the field and try to make it to the other side while there's a helicopter flying over you and they're shooting the vaccine down at you
But the one good thing about this whole pandemic shit, and I really hope by the time this fuckin' thing comes out that this will be considered old, I don't know, God willing, but the one great thing about this pandemic shit
They're on a Zoom call, no pants on
Yes, it's a crazy statement in 2021
Dude, nobody in the WNBA got COVID
He goes, Hey, man, I thought you were coming on this Zoom meeting
No, but I understand in 2021, you're not allowed to say you know what a lesbian looks like, right?
Our master bedroom is a bit of a metaphor for our relationship
Someone else in the car with him Can you zoom in?
Have you got his household certificate, health handbook, and vaccination records?
It's COVIDproof It whitens skin It's reusable
I'm sure what you worry about the most this week is, Is the pandemic getting worse?
People are now working on antiCOVID measures
But I was told that since the pandemic is getting worse, you can't invite over 500 people
The pandemic is getting worse! Roadblock and an outdoor party?
Yes But he let someone with COVID out?
Otherwise, I'd get COVID too
Refuse COVID, unseat the chief! Refuse COVID, unseat the chief!
Refuse COVID, unseat the chief! Refuse COVID, unseat the chief!
Zhiguang! Refuse COVID!
We're all going to get COVID!
Refuse COVID, unseat the chief! Refuse COVID, unseat the chief!
Refuse COVID, unseat the chief!
The defendant participated in local antipandemic measures
It's a house The lawyer just zoomed in on the garage
Around the corner on Coronado
That's just a piece of metal
I was walking past it, and I just saw this small, very small piece of metal
There's plenty of metal I've seen here
This is normally would be some kind of metal right here to reinforce, not glass
Out here, metal that's just left out in the elements just gets ate up
I'm impressed what they've fabricated, even if it's made with scrap metal
Anartilleryshellisdesigned so that when it detonates, the casing separates into thousands of metal fragments called shrapnel
That bone didn't set off the metal detector
This is fused iron and glass, and whatever that is was setting off the metal detector
This is glass fused together with metal junk
The metal detectors can't tell the difference between an aluminum can and a gold coin
Aluminum's the bane of metal detecting
This soil has been so disturbed by 80 years of military activity on Adak that it's rendering our metal detectors useless
Now we could bring in a groundpenetrating radar, which, unlike the metal detectors, can be calibrated to scan at a very precise depth, but we don't know yet how deep to set it
He will calibrate to scan at a specific depth, enabling him to detect targets beneath the fill layer, and avoid interference from metal debris closer to the surface
The groundpenetrating radar has detected a large metal object below the layers of fill dirt
It's a thin skin type metal, 18inches wide
Like a metal jug!
Brian'smetaldetector indicates multiple hits  very close together and organized in a linear pattern 12 feet long and two feet wide
Did you hit metal?
It's a chunk of metal
It's definitely metal, some kind of cylinder
It's definitely metal, some kind of cylinder
But if you hear any tinging or dinging or anything hitting anywhere close, suck it in tight and get behind metal
Dr M and Brian Weed detected a large precious metal hit
The spent shell is made of brass, which reads almost the same as gold to a metal detector
Most metal objects that we dig up, I can tell what they are
Pull all the shovels and metal detectors back so I don't get any interference
Pull all the shovels and metal detectors back so I don't get interference
The readings on the metal detector are different than anything we've found
Okay, now we will start the trial of case number 2022, criminal settlement trial 1017, in which the defendant, Choi Yeongran, is charged with attempted murder
Mikel Arteta's tested positive for Covid19 and will miss the game against Manchester City
But just as they are building momentum on the pitch, a new Covid variant, Omicron, threatens their good run
It's club doctor Gary O'Driscoll's job to try to keep the players Covid free
With Gary's help, Mikel has 20 players who are Covidfree
We heard that Mikel Arteta has tested positive for Covid19 and will miss the game against Manchester City, which is far from ideal
Mikel is returning to Colney from one week out with Covid and brings the squad together ahead of a seasondefining January run of games
The matches are stacking up, with the rearranged Covid fixtures needing to be scheduled
Did you see what happened between Russia and Ukraine, guys?
Elon Musk is looking to move Tesla's headquarters
I think Paradise has a shot, because Elon Musk is highly committed to ruining his company
I'd like to speak to Elon Musk, please
It's a great metaphor, but I don't know what for
It's a portable metal detector
WOOSIN: Oh, it's the metal pin
So she got herself a portable metal detector
MS OH: And it detected metal in his left hand
He has a metal pin in his finger
As someone who enjoys having ultimate power, that day must've felt like his coronation ceremony
(metal clacking)
(metal clanking)
(metal door clanks)
(metal clinks)
(metal clanks)
(metals clanking)
(metal clanks)
(metal clanks) (man grunts)
Case number 20214576
(metal crushing)
November 16, 2021, 10:37 am
(engine whirring) (metallic clanging)
JUDGE: Case number 2022340929
2022 GUCHEON MAYORAL ELECTIONS CANDIDATE DEBATE
Zoom into Choi Doha
REPORTER 2: As a result, the newly elected mayor chosen to lead Gucheon in 2022 is Candidate Choi Doha We hear cheers coming from Candidate Choi's campaign office
The biggest strength of the 2022 model of the automatic teller machine developed by Ihwa ATM is
We will now start the onsite verification of Case Number 2022, Injunction Case 1547, based on the procedures of the appeal filed for the preliminary injunction against infringement of intellectual property rights
I meant it as a metaphorical expression for advancing the relationship
His surgery went well There's no metastasis either
I also have a pair of binoculars that counteract hand tremors and can also zoom in ten times, and a camera that has burst mode
However, despite being aware of the hack on January 19, 2022, the defendant reported it to the police a week later on January 26th
I hacked into Raon starting on the night of January 18, 2022, up until the morning of the 19th, and took 40,954,173 personal data records
I hacked into Raon starting on the night of January 18, 2022, up until the morning of the 19th, and took 40,954,173 personal data records
Because the day the hacker broke into Raon's servers and leaked users' personal data was January 19, 2022, which was when the Act on the Information and Communications Network was partially revised
Article 643, Paragraph 1, Item 6 of the Act on the Information and Communications Network was revised on January 19, 2022
The day the hacker got into Raon's server and stole users' personal data was also January 19, 2022
January 18, 2022, at 11:14 pm
Mr Choi checked his email and downloaded the attached file on January 18, 2022, at 11:48 pm
But the day the hacker sent the email with malware to the DB manager, Mr Choi Jinpyo, was a day earlier, January 18, 2022
Let's get started METABOLISM
Uh, that's just some, um, bad metaphor
Do you really think North Korea would make this mess just to die and when we don't even have a vaccine yet?
She suffered badly because of the COVID crisis
I'm gonna post it on TikTok
Since COVID, the consumption of drugs has immeasurably gone up
INTERNATIONAL ARREST WARRANT FROM 2004 TO 2022
MANDATE CANCELLED ON JANUARY 1, 2022
JUDICIAL POLICE DEPARTMENT, 2021 SPECIAL COMMISSION SNOW WHITE, 2022
Probably because of COVID, only two people can be in the room
You don't even need to zoom in
Hell, maybe died from Covid
It's the same metal Sir Galaham the Brooding used to forge his great axe, Bone Kisser
It's metal!
Usually, we go to Japan every year, but I couldn't go last year and then this year because of COVID
He doubleand sometimes triplereinforced the metal to prevent leaks
But I never studied what a pandemic would do to them
We thought the shipping container ended in 2020 because of the pandemic, but it didn't
Especially during the pandemic
What I mean is, you know how everybody's life fell apart during the pandemic but then there was a handful of people that were thriving from sheltering in place?
We thought the shipping container ended in 2020 because of the pandemic
Pandemic's over Systems aren't gonna maintain themselves
Well, I mean, considering the pandemic shifted his behavior from actively killing to finding others to do it for him, we can assume that most of that recruitment happened online
You know, the one benefit of the lockdown
COVID surges be damned
And then during the pandemic, I stumbled upon his network, and I figured out how to play his game, how to speak his language, and pretty soon,
That was a lot of metaphors
Colby, activate the lockdown mode
Wait We were in lockdown mode How'd you get in?
Zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom Press zoom Zoom
What the fuck kind of pandemic is this?
What the fuck was that? COVID14?
It's 2022
We're not talking about war or pandemic
SUMMER OF 2022
It's a precarious moment for this country, still in the grip of a pandemic
A longer season in 2021 sort of exposed the lack of depth in the Marlins and especially, there just wasn't enough offensive firepower
Derek was CEO of the Marlins on a team in 2021 that took a huge step back on the baseball side
WINTER OF 2022
Metamorphosis?
Um, I was thinking, maybe we could take Hera and put her into the metaverse
By any chance, are you into the metaverse?
I mean, I don't know if anyone could be into the metaverse, but I think we exist through it and around it
That's not what I meant I meant metaphorically
I meant my metaphysical size
It's a piece of metal from the car that you crushed with the tank
Whether you're hunting a literal rat or a metaphorical one, the principles are the same
And the closedoff man shall be named Lockdown
Lockdown, are you setting up our tents with these branches?
Lockdown
Lockdown, hold that thing properly You there, help with the fabric
Out of the way, Lockdown
It's just a metaphor
Oh, Lockdown, I can't take it anymore I quit
Nice, Lockdown Deep Hole Cave That's a great idea
Lockdown, you made me realize
Go calm them, Lockdown
Sell all the colonel's goods, or I'll set Lockdown loose
Lockdown, freeze!
Wait a minute Zoom in and back it up a few frames
Or dislocation between the carpometacarpal joint of the index digit
I thought I was supposed to get pulled back to 2022 when I left
I can zoom in I will zoom in on his closeup shots
Metadata gives a file authenticity
But a part of that metadata is also geolocations
Maybe that was just my face left over from the shutdown and the pandemic
Got it right at the beginning of the pandemic
Gorgeous Valkyrie, vaginacolored metal, screaming
I go, Hi, excuse me I'd like to get a vaccine
Would you like a vaccine? No, thank you
In 1955, the polio vaccine came out
And America could not have been more backward, racist, homophobic, sexist, and these nonsatellitehaving, racist dipshits lined the fuck up to get their fucking vaccine!
Now it's the year 2022, which, first off, doesn't sound like a real year, does it?
Like you're watching a cheap sciencefiction film, In the year 2022
It's 2022
Come on down to Captain Covid's Alpha Males Only buffet!
Then come on down to Captain Covid's
You show us proof you ain't been vaccinated, you get a free platter of roomtemperature scallops
And their hair got gray, and their dick stopped working, hemorrhoids and hysterectomies, fucking Gen X and Gen Z making fun of them on Twitter and TikTok
So And I'm worried Still Covid
They've done so much even during the pandemic, you know, with supplies and everything being low
[Shea] We did the mixed metals
This really keeps it in line with a lot of mixed metals that we've done throughout the home
I think some sort of fun Zoom background is really important
Oh, for Zoom calls and stuff?
The mixed metals
These acts were part of the nümetal scene
Then, what kind of image would you like to have in 2022?
What's up, TikTok babes?
And I'm needed at the princess' coronation
Zoom
Yes, on your Zoom
The pandemic's kept the fans for 18 months
From Ifor Williams Trailers to TikTok
TikTok because of of of obviously Wrexham football club
I hit metal!
No, it just scans metal
With the fastest metabolism of any mammal, this frenzied killer must consume six times her body weight a day,
The Metaphysical Realm is just one of a shit ton across the Demicorporeal Plane
TikTok hair influencer, Taylor Yu, hottest person in orchestra, Haley Garcia, and of course, Zoe Maytag, no introduction needed
That's a subculture on TikTok of kids who decided the theme from Taxi slaps
Can you explain to TikTok what's going on with your mom?
Oh, yeah The dinos kicked pedophiles off TikTok
Elon Musk be damned, we're blowing up Mars
Let your body purge the metavenom
He wishes He wriggled back to the meta layer through a hole in the fourth wall
It's worse than you think We're basting in meta radiation right now
That's the kind of meta I like, the kind that keeps us creatively accountable
So mean He's meta, Morty
They're meta nerds that found out they could be less bearable as a team
Antimeta field Fancy device
This force field will be impenetrable by metaenergy
You just had to hate metastorytelling
Meta characters erode reality
But all characters are meta, Rick
This is nuts I thought it was a metaphor
No, I can't That's when I Zoom with my Mandarin teacher
He's obsessed with the metaverse
Oh, okay Uh, please thank Manish for introducing us to TikTok pasta chips
September 19, 2022 Episode Title: A League of His Own
All of us in this family are vaccinated, loved, and completely dewormed
I like metal I like rock and roll
It isn't because it's communicable, like COVID's communicable, you get that from your neighbor
Bruce's main project at the time was a new vaccine
We were all vaccinated, but this was a vaccine that went back decades and decades, and some people who got that anthrax vaccine ended up with knots on their arms the size of grapefruit
So he was trying to make a vaccine that was just as effective, but didn't cause the side effects
Zoom in on on
Officials say authorities were investigating whether Ivins released anthrax as a way of testing the vaccine he developed here at Fort Detrick
And then the anthrax attacks happen and all of a sudden the FDA quickly approves this batch of vaccines, and then Bruce ended up getting the highest award a civilian can get in the Army for his work on anthrax
Blame COVID or the war in Ukraine I don't know
My med school all but shut down during the pandemic
You talking metaphorically, or?
I zoom in on you, and I block out everything else
It's a new strain of what's called coronavirus
The Covid19 pandemic was beginning to cut us all off from friends and family
What we were facing preCovid19 was already pretty challenging in terms of high rates of loneliness and depression and anxiety, and I worry that that's gotten worse for a lot of people
The last time was on May 27, 2021
You know, you've crashed countless cars over the years and it doesn't really matter 'cause they're just metal and plastic and glass, but the Evo's more than that, isn't it?
All those big metal bins
Metal made these?
If Metal played John Dillinger in his downtime, would you be surprised?
But if you're up for an adventure, we could go see where Metal's treasure map leads
Is that so you can zoom in on the stuff that your old eyes can't see?
Metal was a man of mystery
Wouldn't put it past Metal to pull off the Lufthansa heist
Metal sure did have a flair for interior design, didn't he?
However, Professor, you know, omelets are actually a metaphor
Yeah, I'm not sure that access to TikTok will quell the bloodlust of these ladies
With all due respect, sir, without action against Rajavi, we are begging for another Ukraine, inviting Iran to launch an offensive that will change the geopolitical landscape for a generation
How could I forget the officer who told me inaction against General Rajavi would invite the next Ukraine?
For extraordinary heroism and courage in action against insurgent forces on the 3rd of March, 2022
As you can see, this is rubber, but it looks just like metal
This is why Shaun wanted to do it over Zoom is hehe wanted to see your angry, scrunchedup, sad little face, Rob, blossom into a smile
TikTok, where you can follow any number of middleaged Welsh football team owners
which is pretty metal
But not as metal as Wales
If you zoom in, you could see me looking for his approval
I measured the rat's metabolomics with GC/MS to find the postmortem interval
IXRF Atlas will show if the alloy matches the welding metals in his clothes
The welding metals in the fibers of your socks are the exact same welding metals in that
It's not a metaphor It's not supposed to be like a lifestyle
It's not of matter String, or a piece of wood, or a piece of metal
She was already against gluten and she's against vaccines as well
Zoom in
Obviously, we got talented people on all sides of the Zoom call right now
My metaphorical sleeve
So, I'm just confirming that patient has no new metal implants?
The winner of the 2021 best and fairest
Number one goal for Adelaide in 2022
It's a much more resilient, much more relaxed Giants group in season 2022
I wonder why the walls are metal I wonder why the walls are metal
Cinder block construction with metal insulation
This female has survived the night's freezing temperatures by allowing both her metabolism and her heart rate to drop significantly
PIG VACCINATION MR YANG'S
The vaccination is today, right?
Mother pigs should be vaccinated three or four weeks before giving birth, and female piglets, two months after birth and four weeks after that
The owner probably separated the ones that need to be vaccinated
As for the vaccination itself, you're familiar with the process
These ones here and over there are getting vaccinated today
She always helps out with the vaccination
Besides, it's such a basic vaccination
I haven't done large animal vaccinations since my college lab sessions, so I'm just trying to be extra cautious
I vaccinated 150 pigs, intubated a goat's airway, made routine visits to three barns, had the house burglarized, and just finished cleaning up the mess from that
Zoom in This is me flexing as hard as I possibly
All right, zoom back out Look, I look the same, right?
Our driveways were directly across the street from each other, so we could take our bicycles and zoom right across the street, or just play ball, go sledding
They just need to get vaccinated on schedule
I guess I could just give them the first vaccination
Right Nurungji's puppies need to be vaccinated soon
Nurungji and Boksil's puppies are here for vaccinations
I booked an appointment to get Nurungji's puppies vaccinated
After two years of living with uncertainty in times of the pandemic, we're finally back doing a concert in LA
Eyes on the road Pedal to the metal
There's Sabbath in there, but you could put in Metallica, Dokken, whatever
Metallica Always
I give you Metallicus, who plays the most bodacious tune you've ever heard
A Love Story Aired on: September 25, 2022 Wow!
That sounds like my day It's, like, been pedal to the metal all day
THE 2022 FEMINA PRIZEWINNER
We had a miscarriage during COVID
This is Cal the Dragon, my name's Ash Freestyle, and we're here today just filming TikToks with the Wrexham team
We got reached out by our TikTok manager to come down to Wrexham and film some TikTok videos with the team
When the TikTokers were in, it kinda took the focus away from the game a little bit
I was so into this endeavour as just, like a zoomedout macro project that involved a club, a business, which is also the club, and a community and how those kind of intersect
TikTok I don't care what it's called Look, he has serious credentials
New York City's rat population exploded during the pandemic
These grad students at Hudson U did a comprehensive study of New York City rats during lockdown
And you might want to zoom in on the coffee cup
The TS3 uses the phone's embedded metadata to recreate the time, location and 360degree environment of the picture
He spent 15 years doing personal returns until I moved him over to small business and paycheck protection loans when the pandemic started
During COVID, it was mostly by mail or online
*THE RESIDENT* Season 06 Episode 02 Episode Title: Peek and Shriek Aired on: September 27, 2022
It's metastasized
I mean the last shot I got was my HPV vaccine back in eighth grade even then, it took three tries and my mom holding my hand and singing so, we hoped I'd grow out of it but
Exactly the size it needs to be to supply the antibodies that your body needs to get up to speed and produce its own, which you will, in response to the vaccine regimen you start tomorrow
One of the really interesting things that happened in the pandemic is that there was this incredible social experiment where sports basically, like, went away
All I need is two metal strips
Episode Title: Stolen Valor Aired on: October 03, 2022
[sound of metal latch, door opening]
It seems the orderly thinks it's appropriate to express herself using some kind of metaphor about the situation in which
As God is my witness, I swear on my children's lives, all I saw was metal rods in the ground
Do you know if Chase received all of his childhood vaccinations?
Call scheduling, see if they can bump the coronary bypass in OR Three
[Seoul  Vancouver, June 20, 2022]
Could you zoom in on this Camera 7?
Could you zoom in on Camera 1?
Anyway, my mom brought the metal ladle she was using to stir the soup and started beating Noona with it
(Scrap Metal)
It'll be 24/7 We'll have him on lockdown
The repairs for our new sheriff's coronation
I believe my metal replacement won't disappoint
I mean, anything else in the metaphysical realm?
My metal dick's conductive
Budget meeting at 4:00, Zoom with the DoD at 5:00, and you're late for a lunch with Senator Roskin
Yeah oil, precious metals, that kind of thing
The results show the average 554 gram per ton of precious metal
What kind of precious metal?
Tons of metal with a density of
What about granting something like a finder's fee for any precious metals that a private citizen finds on stateowned land?
During the pandemic, child sexual abuse and the publication of it exploded
The book is a metaphor You know what that is, right?
The King announced the royal title of the Queen and held her coronation
It's 2022
They're metal death traps
It had to be tough for them dating in the pandemic, uh, but they have ways to let each other know that they are swingers
The pandemic hit, and we thought,
We Zoomed our families
I think my mom is still on that Zoom call
Season 17 Episode 18 (IMDB) Aired on: November 21, 2022 Episode Title:
Someone's driving a big metal bat on the highway!
[ Metal crashing, clanking ]
Then it doesn't matter what anybody else thinks of you chicken baby's a metaphor for being yourself
[ Metal crashing ]
All that metalonmetal scraping And Optimus Prime is sneaky funny
The bacteria from her heart has metastasized into clots, moving from one organ to the next
It's a metaphor, and I just
I love metaphors
I despise sports metaphors
4th of July, 2022
AUGUST 28TH, 2021 2:00 PM 5:00 PM
So, I decided to pivot and become one of those quasimetaphysical detectives that don't give a shit about science, and instead, follow their gut instincts
Dancing for followers on TikTok?
October 07, 2022
Well, the only other thing I can do is collect your tropes They'd give us a definitive answer on a coronary event
Must be a pretty lucrative hunk of metal
I understand you wanted her discharged but did you know that her father had a fatal coronary embolism when she was 15?
*AMERICAN HORROR STORY* Season 11 Episode 07 Episode Title: The Sentinel Aired on: November 09, 2022
These tools aren't sharp enough to cut through this metal cuff
The external fix at or involves attaching a metal frame to her forearm and hand
Oh, well, COVID burnout You know, hit the practice really hard
Brock, you've got an extensive vaccination history
Some optionals like flu and COVID, but there are a few that are only for international travel
The last lab I ran was a COVID antibody test It was positive
I have COVID? No
You had COVID
It's a condition associated with COVID19
Twitter, Insta, TikTok?
I had to zoom in a ton to get it, so the quality isn't great
2022 PROUD ALUMNI AWARDS CEREMONY
UNGHAN HIGH SCHOOL 2022 PROUD ALUMNI AWARDS CEREMONY [music swells, fades away]
It's a metaphor, Mom
I know everything about you, Dr Ben Song, from the year 2022
And once your kidneys were injured, they couldn't metabolize the chemo fast enough, so it accumulated, and you couldn't fight infection
To lose someone you follow on TikTok
since I had COVID?
WWas it metal? It was water
You all just zoomed in on the obvious injury
Metaphysical?
I know everything about you, Dr Ben Song from the year 2022
They literally called him Dr Ben Song from 2022
Elon Musk or Zuck being able to control the past? Ugh
And if it hits the car, it's gonna send a current through the metal frame and they're all gonna die
It says the whole office is under lockdown protocol, as if we're under attack
It's it's not like every single other department isn't also trying to call me every 30 seconds, or that I'm trying to figure out how to lift this lockdown by myself, or that I have to monitor Ben's leaps
When COVID hit, I essentially got laid off from the restaurant that I helped open
I'm not sure how that metaphor works
And during the whole COVID experience,
That's like calling Elon Musk to fix a toaster That's not what we use him for
We made this film during the pandemic, so this is the first time the original cast have sung these songs together on the same stage at the same time live
In just a few short months, this pandemic has infected some two million here at home
2020, it was a terrible year We had the pandemic
METASTASIZED CANCER DR JUAN ANDRÉS FLORES
Chemicals, poison, metals, waste
It's the rebar This fucking metal is radioactive
You know, your polio vaccination program in Pakistan, incredible
Recommended travel vaccinations I thought you could give me a hand scheduling them
If you do, don't carry around any metal
Captain, we popped three vents, but there's still metal seal underneath
I have stagefour lung cancer that's metastasized to my liver and brain
Mmhmm Well, I watched her TikTok, and now I'm looking for another one
That means it hasn't metastasized yet, but it's spread to your lymph nodes
Metastasis We can't finish
We didn't know it had metastasized
Since the pandemic, keeping the restaurant open has been a constant struggle
Metaphorically speaking, of course
Additional Translation Deven Neel ©2022 Lonely Castle in the Mirror Film Partners
Please Full lockdown, now Full lockdown
We are entering a temporary lockdown
Your socials Your gram Tiktok
I enrolled in 2021
2021?
It's a fucking metaphor
Lockdown begins now
The school is on lockdown, and I find it wholly inappropriate to bring a stranger, right now, into our midst
This school is on lockdown
It's one of the very few things in my life that I never posted about on TikTok or Instagram because it didn't fit into the perfect commercial for the perfect life I was trying to advertise
Yeah, as a teenager who kept up with school from home before there was even Zoom!
Elon Musk is the richest man who has ever lived but says he doesn't own a house
THE ELON MUSK SHOW
In 2009, Elon Musk is a bruised and weary man
George, Elon Musk would like to speak to you
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr Elon Musk
Elon sleeping in the factory, showing people how important it is to be focussed on, on finding a solution because if Elon Musk can take the time to sleep there and be there 24 hours a day
Elon Musk now has a net worth of 11 billion dollars
Elon Musk has always dreamt of one ultimate goal
Got a new tweet from Elon Musk
Did you include a complete metabolic panel?
You had the Zoom with Oslo, but I had it all rescheduled
[metal clanks]
[metal clangs]
[metal rattles]
[metal slices] [man 3 groans]
[Sum] I miss you NOVEMBER 9, 2021 I MISS YOU
[metal clattering] [gasps] Hm?
Season 34 Episode 08 Aired on: November 20, 2022 Episode Title: Step Brother From the Same Planet
November 20, 2022
Why do they have to make these things so darn easy to break when you shove a metal object in them?
Minigolf, yum! (metal clanking) GIRL:
2022
Everyone wants to know who Elon Musk really is
Elon Musk is the richest man who has lived but says he doesn't own a house
CEO Elon Musk creating chaos with a single tweet
THIS IS ELON MUSK'S STORY
THE ELON MUSK SHOW
Elon Musk, CEO of SpaceX and Tesla
Elon Musk is going big
Elon Musk is looking to get inside your head
It will be companies like Tesla and individuals like Elon Musk who lead that charge
Please join me in welcoming Elon Musk!
The first piece I wrote about Tesla was in the spring of 2018 and it was called, Elon Musk Doesn't Care About You
It was shortly after Elon Musk had sat on a earnings call and insulted a bunch of the investment bankers trying to ask questions about the company
He emailed Elon Musk and said, Look, our manufacturing process is so disjointed
It's not something you see every day, wellknown CEO calling out reporter publicly but that's exactly what happened last week when Tesla founder, Elon Musk criticized Business Insider's Linette Lopez over her coverage of the company
Now did Elon Musk imply Vernon Unsworth was a Pedophile?
Elon Musk was described as in court as a billionaire bully but the jury saw it differently
CEO Elon Musk creating chaos with single tweet which led to the stock soaring and then being halted and the soaring once again
Today the SEC filed securities for our charges against Elon Musk the chairman and CEO of Tesla motors stemming from his August 7th, 2018, statements disseminated over Twitter that he was considering taking Tesla private
One of the things about Elon Musk is that he hates when other people win
Tesla's CEO Elon Musk is the subject of a new controversy after he appeared to smoke marijuana during a podcast interview
Billionaire, Tesla head Elon Musk
Elon Musk and Grimes met in the modern way through Twitter
2021
In the summer of 2022, Elon has over a 100 million followers on Twitter
You're asking those billionaires who are going to space, the likes of Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos to help
MAY 25, 2021, TUESDAY
Uh, let's get a full set of labs CBC, troponins, a comprehensive metabolic panel
Well, I'll tell you if you tell me how you happen to know the melting points of precious metals
What about a coronary vasospasm?
Go set up a coronary angio
The coronary artery is coming off the pulmonary, not the aorta
How about a coronary artery bypass?
Oh Brooks' coronary anatomy is very, very unusual
I was hoping to implant the coronary artery directly onto the aorta
In the Civil War, they also used heat on metal
That corpse there should be carrying a palmsized metal plate
From 2019 to 2021, I was living in St Louis
As more and more of the metal was produced, it spread through the core like a disease
June 10th, 2022 is a special day for a precious friend who sent us this story
SEO GANG / SUBMITTED JUN 7, 2022
not blended because of the metallic smell
It's a metaphor
I'm from Ukraine, mi dorohy druzhe
BORN APR 12, 2004 PARK WONSEOK DIED DEC 23, 2021
The world was shocked that Qatar 2022 had won, but how did they win?
By a pretty wide margin, the best bid for the 2022 World Cup was the US bid
When the bids were opened for 2018, 2022 in 2009, which meant there was a significant leadup and there was an opportunity open, that's when we decided we have a shot, we have a chance
Sheikh Mohammed, who was the director general of the Qatar 2022 bid, turned around to me that day and said,
But he still found himself dealing with explosive allegations, this time about Qatar's bid for the 2022 World Cup
Fiftytwo hundred is the number of workers expected to die building the infrastructure for the games by 2022
So, what I will propose, that we will open the bid for the World Cup 2018 and 2022
They'll take no further part in the 2018 and 2022 World Cup host country decisions
2018, it was ultimately decided, would go to a European nation, and 2022 was gonna go to some nation from some other part of the world
And for 2022, the US presented us with the best stadiums, the best infrastructure and hotels
And if you looked at 2022, the bid that was clearly the strongest, was the US
Metadata from Watson's laptop shows the key was downloaded to an external drive
I memorized your viral TikTok video
I understand metaphors, Carlinhos
Like this, sunsets are often used as metaphors for descent, disappearance, destruction, or death
Can you zoom in a bit?
A minute past midnight, Apr 17th, 2022
The main themes in Kafka's Metamorphosis
Tobacco takes up trace metal from the soil where it grows
The cancer must have metastasized rapidly during her time in the ICU, even between scans
I thought take a walk was a metaphor
It was a metaphor
Kind of had to put the pedal to the metal
Is fair some sort of metaphor for something a father shouldn't be hearing?
I understand why you brand and why you vaccinate and why move them from one pasture to another
We were gonna be zooming down a hill on an inner tube, using gravity
He's been out of work for weeks with COVID Just got back to work four days ago
It's about the gravy, metaphorically speaking
Zoom in
Says he personally COVID tested governor Nancy Novak three times at St Michael's Hospital in Little Rock last week
Hey, I got the governor for COVID testing
Crushed up and coated on a COVID swab, you'd be dead in minutes
We survived a global pandemic, and now we're gonna pretend it's not happening anymore
I might live through a global pandemic and would have to home school it
Before this pandemic, I had never spent two weeks alone with myself
The first dip there was in COVID, it wasn't safe, but I was like, I gotta get back out there
My sister, the one from the moon, invaded my house during COVID
All the girls on their ZoomZoom boombooms were wearing AirPods
I wasn't on a Zoom or listening to music
And she goes, The pandemic
I said, It's your job to listen to your 24yearold son bitch and moan about how horny he is in the middle of a global pandemic where thousands of people are dying every single day?
I went and got my own athome COVID health test, which meant I could nasally swab any potential penetrators that showed up in my backyard
I would say, You have COVID
Also not my thing, but we're in a pandemic I'm not gonna be judgy, you know?
And during COVID, I realized I don't have regular hobbies
And she said, When you get home today, we also need you to get from your parents your proof of vaccination for polio
WE WON'T FORGET YOU 19622022
APRIL 6, 2022 KARAKÖY OUTDOOR STAGE @ 2 PM
Hey, kids, do you like TikTok?
Yay! TikTok is cool
I thought that field thing was metaphorical, but you really did bring me to a game
It's just a metaphor, dude
His people are completely literal Metaphors are gonna go over his head
Metaphor
There is no clear evidence of coronary artery disease
So, Dr Yamada found a lesion in the right coronary artery
On the 11th, the World Health Organization's director, Tedros, had declared the spread of the novel coronavirus, COVID19, a pandemic, and urged countries to take preventative action
a second national lockdown, in Germany a partial lockdown the pandemic
Due to the lockdown resulting from the declaration of emergency, a decline in personal spending, such as travel and food, and the large drop of exports due to economic crises abroad, it has been said recently that Japan's GDP has shrunk by 20%
This one could be cool 'cause it's, like, metallic
It's like a pokey stick that she keeps A metal pokey stick
I love that it mixed the metals, and so it ties in
And we are going to see who is our Dance Crazee champion 2022
My stepdad is stuck in the US because of Covid19
During the Covid19 wave, Luu had to wear a mask all the time
MR BACH 7TH OCTOBER, 2021
Elon Musk is coming to scout Paradise today for the new Tesla headquarters, and I didn't want any idiots screwing it up, so I replaced everyone in town with actors!
Karen, you are not replacing everyone to impress Elon Musk
You're under citizen's arrest, because some assfaced douche bag named Elon Musk is coming to town
How could you arrest Elon Musk?
That jerkoff was Elon Musk?
Elon Musk tweets that from now on, he's going to dedicate all of his time as well as all of Tesla's available cash to ruining the life of a smalltown yokel
The hell did you do to Elon Musk?
You're watching footage of Elon Musk hatefucking what appears to be Rob Riggle in the middle of a crowded street
See, my pulse is extremely shallow because I have the metabolism of a large turtle
Simile, metaphor
Every time that happens, you have harsh pain here like getting hit with a metal hammer
You being here in 2022?
And somehow, you ended up in 2022
2022 was a mistake
And why was 2022 a mistake?
Lockdown in two minutes
One minute 30 seconds until lockdown
One minute until lockdown
The fact that he selfdestructed means he not only surpassed the target Hollowfication phase, but reached the final metastasize phase!
This is the coronary sinus
Coronary sulcus
I went to his teacher's clinic to register for a specialist appointment and built good relationships with the professor, and they sent me Xibai's course timetable and schedule
This is just a normal reaction of the body's acceleration of metabolism after staying up late
[Orthopaedic intern schedule April 2021]
In the report of Tina Anselmi, a metaphor was written saying that the system of the large P2 is double pyramid
I don't think that's always a good thing [AR Planning 2022 |
Do you know what a metaphor is, Dale?
If you're about to say this car is a metaphor for something about me, you can stop
Because, no, I don't know what a metaphor is
Metaphorically, you know Get back to who you really are
If you continue like this, you're looking at a serious coronary incident within months, which could be fatal
It's a metaphor, saying we are all the same
Metaphorically?
Ambulance is a Type III, 15,000 pounds of reinforced metal on a V8 monster
The real hard metal, you know? The cold metal on the skin
Fixedwing aircraft, zoom in, please
I need a hard lockdown now
Rick, pull up Zoom out
All units, the 120 block, Horizon Labs, female body drained of blood, initiate lockdown
The metacarpals
Wait, wait, wait Zoom in And hold right there
Okay, class of 2022, it's the big moment!
By a unanimous vote, our 2022 prom king is
the 2022 prom queen will go to
I never planned on taking two decades to graduate, obvi, but the class of 2022 showed me something that
Now, to end our ceremony, I'd like to invite our 2022 class valedictorian, Janet Singh
Just stay We'll work on the vaccine,
Your blood holds the key to the vaccine against the virus that's been destroying life on Earth
A chance to create the vaccine, finally the real one
Tell Amy about those extraterrestrial bacteria and help her to create the vaccine
There's a mechanism that can help us create the vaccine
2022 MIKURAJIMA
Nobody in any university in this country can so much as utter a word about Hitler without a nod in JAK's direction, literally or metaphorically
Is this entirely made out of Nth metal?
You ever heard of tiktok?
But don't you wanna do our tiktok dance with us, daddy?
Don't try and charm me with our tiktok dance And you're not even doing it right
It tastes like metal
Zoom in on his face
You need to zoom out so they can see the whole thing
Go ahead Zoom in on that sad face of his right now
In the metaphysics of identity, can a replica truly be the original?
It was manufactured in an English factory using English metals
Hell you think TikTok is?
I think what he means is that with our new initiative, we believe racism will be done by 2024
Metals and plastics are to be kept separate
The new liquid metal capacitors allow for up to six rounds, but I'm not convinced they got the chamber temp below the cookoff level
The only people happy with twofootlong metal salad tongs inserted in their vagina's are people who aren't aware of having twofootlong metal salad tongs inserted in their vagina's
Go! Zoom! Zoom!
This woman was running from the police, high as a kite, and she climbs over some railings, slips and impales herself on a metal spike
You're gonna use a metal pole?
It's the metal framework
Metal fatigue and a broken axle?
By the year 2022, the family had scattered to the four winds, but there was a glimmer of hope that could perhaps bring them all together once more
It does not trigger any known metal detector
The drill seemed to make contact with a metallic substance
This thing can detect the altered frequency of vibranium through water, stones, even heavy metals
I made that for my metallurgy class
Zoom in
So, once upon a time, when humans hurtled across the sky on metal wings, when they wore webbed feet and walked on the bottom of the sea,
and are reduced to metaphor
We've got Debra Messing's agent on the Zoom
He kept you open through covid, you prick!
And I'll be out there, sipping on Coronas like Snoop Dogg in that commercial
Hey, you know what? Cardi is gonna do something random on TikTok
It's a metaphor
Captain says there's no joy in metal ships
Probably drugs, right? Probably taking selfies while vaping on TikTok
Isn't the checkpoint closed because of COVID?
We're closed for COVID
Everything's closed because of COVID You know that
But due to this COVID, you know how it is
But there's COVID Do you understand there's COVID?
Everyone is affected by COVID
Especially with COVID, you know?
You know what they do to the messenger, right? You remember what happened with Covid?
Smart girl Metal conducts
My father had to cross the border to Ukraine to find work
Zoom in on him Where the hell were you?
Like these old metal cans
Yeah, of course, the team is the dog It's a metaphor
Have you heard of that TikTok gwiyomi dance?
Fractured fourth and fifth metacarpals
It's got a lens that can zoom all the way from nine to 36 on the first zoom, so
It's a metaphor
But you're vaccinated!
No metal can break his staff
Metaphorically speaking
I'd be batting a thousand, except I won't take credit for watching some mob bookkeeper drop dead of a coronary
It must have needed an extra metal conductor
Yeah, yeah, extra metal conductor That's what I said
Till the year 2023
They more just rip apart the fabric of our society via dance videos on TikTok
The cops thought that was a reference to some heavy metal anarchy lyrics
The killer's knife must have got stuck in the conductor somehow, and Jamie's trying to tell me that I need an extra metal conductor
Get the metal conductor
It's like saying a fork and a machine gun are similar because they're both metal
You filming a TikTok or something?
Yes, a new virus in Madagascar, say, could be in Chicago within a matter of weeks, and we end up with a global pandemic
I presume the prospect of a viral pandemic keeps you up at night as well
Saw it on TikTok
You need to get off medical TikTok
Every time I talk, the phone hears me, and I get more medical TikToks
Then you should delete TikTok
Yes, I can track a metaphor, thanks
Mimi's cooking tonight, and lately all she ever makes is, uh, weird TikTok recipes
Oh, and you go to the blacksmith shop, and you're going to take a metal file and pinchers
Getting vaccinated for pneumococcal pneumonia?
Excuse me, sir Zoom in Is it missing a hubcap?
On this day, we celebrate the first anniversary of our coronation
If somebody drops a quarter on the ground, we can zoom in and tell you what year it was printed
Let me zoom in on that
I mean, I have a ton of followers from that time Elon Musk yelled at me
The metal chariot
In your next answers, metaphors, rhetorical questions, and allusions aren't allowed
Metaphors, rhetorical questions, and allusions aren't allowed
Honestly, not a bad metaphor for the century as a whole
What a shit metaphor
Just an aberration in the metal
[gasps] [gasps] [whispers] Zoom in
[Benjamin] That's the refrain we hear, whether it's in 2021 or in 1821
Stupid work I'm enjoying myself for the first time in years, and I have to do this dumb work Zoom
Hey, well, my guy has, what, 5 million TikTok followers
Oh, hey! You could do the employee TikTok contest
Well, I attended a Zoom seminar during which I watched two hours of TikTok
You rented out a resort, relocated your entire firm here so you could stay open during lockdown
You think I wanted to get laid off from Dick's during a global pandemic?
Here we go everyone The first Covid vaccine at Pittsburgh Presbyterian
Future generations will look back and say 'Good men stood here, good men fought, and died on this ground as they point to a TradingView daily chart of GME zoomed in on January'
It's so hard to keep them focused on Zoom school They're just not into it
You would've broke a four if you had the Zooms on
It's a metaphor He's saying I gotta take this thing head on
Or your TikTok dance contest
How about you listen to me during lessons instead of heavy metal?
The Black Crowes are not heavy metal
I only said The Black Crowes are not heavy metal
No, I am looking for The Black Album by Metallica
That Metallica album is pop music
Sanitation department, metadata, unpaid parking tickets, rush hour statistics, source code for the shield generator, even an actual kitchen sink
Well, then zoom in Is the red light on?
Food metaphors have no place here, Dad
The trick is you watch it on a tablet, and then you can screengrab an image and zoom in on it
Maddy just uploaded a TikTok I manage her page
They've been sequestered in that metal hut over there for the past several hours while the government scientists explain the situation to them although everything's already in the newspapers
The projects remain under secure lockdown
I play him as a metaphor That's my interpretation
Metaphor for what?
There's also a stench, but that does not apply as a metaphor here
Well, they do say they have a fondness for precious metals, and I did find this
It will ruin the temper of the metal
Huh Must be one of those TikTok dances from the internet
Deep in the subterranean bowels, pitiful beasts harvested rare metals for their mighty masters, the Gods of Dapto
But the curse is so often a metaphor for reckoning honestly with our own disappointments
Yeah, pedal to the metal, JD
Oh yeah, two global recessions, war on terror, pandemic, student debt, fascists on the march and a fucked up future
Four sheet metal layers, one of corundum steel and, lastly, reinforced concrete
And whatever happened to me, is the key to finding the vaccine
Vaccines, miracle cures None of it works
They don't teach us how their shitty government failed to prevent a pandemic
August 29, 2023
The vaccine?
Security breach Initiating lockdown protocol 30 seconds to lockdown
20 seconds to lockdown 10 seconds to lockdown
Get the door I'm sorry Lockdown complete
It looks like you're in a lockdown
that's a bad metaphor Uh Okay, okay
I caused the lockdown
Thank you for your patience The lockdown has now ended Is this real?
That's a ballpeen for metal work, an allpurpose claw, a mallet
Some place named Coronado Beach, Florida
You tell me 'cause I don't know any mobsters in Coronado Beach, but I do know one in Philadelphia
At Westminster Abbey, an even larger crowd witnesses the coronation of George VI and his wife Elizabeth, as king and queen of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of British Commonwealth and as emperor and empress of India
I mean, we're just sitting in a metal box suspended in the sky in the middle of a potential lightning storm
In 2025, when plague #36 spread, some people close to the government got the newest vaccine
Everyone who got the vaccine, however, had certain symptoms
is that, like, a metaphor or
No, not until the coronation, at which time, you'll stand trial for treason against your Crown and country
The frames are made of metal
The amount of trace metal there is in the body
Buttons on your waistcoat, the metal in the boot of your shoe
Metal hinges Jesper
Though Fjerda might not be quite so thrilled with the coronation falling on the same night as Hringkälla
No, I meant it metaphorically!
I won't let her TikTok from the bunker we're fine
I want you to get Demi Moore's reiki specialist on Zoom if that's what it takes for you to pull yourself together to finish this fantastic movie
I told you not to throw metal around here
Seven years at Stanford to empty your pockets for a metal detector in the morning?
Could we just put a lid on the metaphors and the excuses and just let me have it
Class of 2023 forever!
I thought you, well, it's been such a rough couple of years, between the lockdowns and the Internet orders not coming and
The Metatron
The Metatron told me to wait
So, um the Metatron, you know, I don't think he's as bad a fellow
Can I TikTok this hieroglyph?
People couldn't get to be vaccinated at the health centre
Right, that's it, the harvest of 2021 is in and now cows!
I and my brothers pledged everything we were, everything that dwells inside this metal skin, to fight in her name
On the day of her coronation, she, along with our honored King and Queen, were assassinated in cold blood by those they trusted most
It seemed a myth or a metaphor created in response to the generations of war and conquest
It's a metaphor
Wait, it's, it's not a metaphor?
Zoom in
This place is on lockdown till Almora arrives
Metadata, here we come
There's a guy in the ICU at Coronado
Wait Zoom in
Lacey, I'm investigating a man who's impersonating a federal employee and his cell records show him to be in Coronado Beach
We could be looking at a fatherson drug operation in Coronado Beach
Hey, pal Two Coronas, please You want anything?
Police say his last known whereabouts were in Coronado Beach
They'll take you to that cold, metal table
Some pandemics start with bats
Yeah, like, maybe there's a metaphorical dick you could bite off, like you could pretend my dick is his dick and you could give it a stern talking to
Mr Metal Mojo Man is in the palace
Mr Metal Mojo Man's nuclear ride for days
Right now, you must track down Mr Metal Mojo Man
You've got to track down Mr Metal Mojo Man
You know, you want the Mr Metal Man, and now you know exactly where he'll be
You mean Mr Metal Mojo?
Zooming in
Okay 20 seconds Nonmetaphorical
I went to @Jinderalla88's wedding on Zoom
It's trending at number one on YouTube It's gone viral on TikTok
You know him from TikTok, from Instagram, you've seen him on YouTube
That's insane All right We hired two social media consultants to run your TikTok, Snapchat, Insta, and Facebook
This is a lockdown
This is a lockdown
Lockdown now
This is a lockdown
It's the same van, same hat, but the angle's a bit better Zoom in
This is a lockdown
We're under strict lockdown
I'll see you in 2024
All guards Lockdown by 7:00 pm tonight
June 2nd, 2024
2024, yeah, they gave us the Death Date
June 2nd, 2024
June 3rd, 2024 Monday?
Metaphasic shields at the ready
Experimental, Theoretical, Metallurgical, Ordnance
Done with the Zoom call?
Ever since we left Ukraine, I've been tuning to that frequency
Well, if you lock a tiger in a metal box, it will look like a metal box
So the tiger still patrols inside his metal box
Boots Metal tips
Sir, please Nothing metallic is allowed
What's another word for the metal silver, and also the name of a legendary family who hunts werewolves?
This is my son Zoomer
Zoomer, you want to come and sit down?
Lockdowns in these areas have already begun as numbers rise along with fear for the safety of those infected
these communities are trapped in lockdown
Because when the camera zooms in on Oscar Natalio Ringo Bonavena's corner,
All the base metals
I bought you a ticket, but they're gonna need your passport number and your vaccine status,
Zoom in
I encourage anybody who is yet to get their vaccine to do so, and report standing water to the mosquito eradication centers
November 20th, 2023
I want you to start with Perry obviously, but I don't think he's clever enough to keep it off TikTok if he was dealing with the Feds
Oil, coal, pesticides, rotting debris, chemicals, heavy metals, including arsenic, benzene, chromium, mercury and lead
Wallets, purses, keys No metal beyond this point
Hunks of metal like her
Wood, fire, earth, metal
After the pandemic, the show
This is a special program with live updates relating to the development of this now global pandemic, coronavirus
The president is expected to appear in a few minutes, after meeting with an extraordinary Council of Ministers about the coronavirus crisis
DAY 1 OF LOCKDOWN
DAY 2 OF LOCKDOWN
DAY 3 OF LOCKDOWN
The pandemic?
DAY 5 OF LOCKDOWN
He's at the government office for a pandemic followup meeting
DAY 6 OF LOCKDOWN
DAY 10 OF LOCKDOWN
He's got a mean streak and a metal plate in his jaw
We haven't just had a physical lockdown
We are in an emotional lockdown, and we have been surviving and now we are wanting to be thriving
President Biden spoke with Chinese President Xi Jinping today as the US navigates China's ties to Russia amid the ongoing invasion of Ukraine
While everyone was doomscrolling under the covers during COVID, two guys, they cross paths at high tide in the Hamptons to forge the biggest media deal in a decade
COVID saved your ass, and II am offering a 20% premium on top of market value, and you're lucky to get that
You are lucky to get me 'cause I built a goddamn pyramid during a pandemic
You started a streaming platform at the beginning of a global lockdown
out of my body when I had COVID
Medical abortions skyrocketed during the pandemic
On January 6th, 2021, our democracy hung in the balance
2024 election?
I don't How is this 2022?
You want me to get into a metal tube full of thousands of gallons of rocket fuel on its first manned flight?
You can zoom in, but that doesn't enhance it
Well then, please zoom in, Arthur
I'll make a photo of Pym blowing Elon Musk
Gold's just a transition metal element, nothing special
Hey, I am admittedly entering new territory, but with the help of TikTok and a positive attitude,
Stop I know you're just trying to help, but not everyone's on your timetable
Oh, good I just learned a new TikTok dance
It's locked Intruder lockdown
Intruder lockdown canceled
Zoom in on her necklace
I've got an ecofriendly metal straw
A vaccine for polio
Hey, if you're bored, why don't you get a TikTok like everyone else your age?
This is just a piece of metal
Uh, Evie, can you pause TikTok and go make your bed?
You can't pause TikTok
Ah, kind of a fitting metaphor for the way basketball's viewed at this company
[grunting] [metal squeaking]
[metal clanks]
Will you zoom in right there, please?
The woman at the cleanse actually said that our metabolism
Look, do we really need to be posting and tweeting and TikToking?
Put the pedal to the metal!
Then, finally, a metal barrel was fitted over his already bandaged head
April 14, 2017 Zoomer Anderson Ronson's birth date
Can we zoom in on the woodshed?
A heavy object, probably in metal or dense wood, and undoubtedly with a sharp edge
I mean metaphorically that's how it goes
We're hearing from sources inside the homicide division that the prime suspect is none other than Samantha carpenter, one of the survivors of the woodsboro killings in 2022, seen here attacking a woman on the street last night
Where's Griffin? 2024?
And Griffin's trapped in 2024 with no way to know we haven't given up on him
Digital recordings have metadata
♪ Look, this night, this night probably gonna be on TikTok ♪
♪ Prolly gonna be on TikTok ♪
Oh, let me zoom in on that
[metal crashing] [electronic sizzling]
It's a metaphor
So, you've experienced how conscious eating changes your metabolism
For the metaphor?
Yeah, next, you're gonna say that TikTok is shortening our attention span
You're doing a metaphor about trouble brewing with your friends, right?
Like, what if she posts one of those TikTok videos that goes,
Ugh, this would've never happened if I had been able to Google Image Joey Fatone 2023
2024
For hundreds of years, this was the start of a procession to Westminster Abbey for the coronation of a new monarch
Early in the conflict, Ukraine wanted Javelin antitanks, other things
TikTok
This metaphor gives me a lot of confidence
Quds Force likes using meteorological metaphors when talking about an op
So that Russia knows we are still a united front, same as we were when they first invaded Ukraine
A month into the Ukraine war, we'd already crawled all the way up the diplomatic ladder
Special envoy to Ukraine That's what he'll pick
They're badasses They'll shoot at anyone Ukraine, UK
A round, bluntpointed object such as a pointed stick or metal rod may produce a circular surface wound with inverted, ragged and bruised edges
Yeah, on the beach, with my metal detector
Yes, and in related news Denise from Immigration, whose daughter just had her first baby, FYI, she confirmed that Skye didn't return to Australia between September of 2017 and May of 2021
Arda Analytics core technology is a proprietary associative and relational processing engine able to ingest data and metadata from any platform and project, realtime simulations, predictive models and targeting for use by law enforcement
The cameraman zoomed in on me, and put me up on the jumbotron
LOCKED Commencing QR lockdown
So, I was not looking forward to giving him the timetable
Ukraine? Family OK?
I can zoom in on, if you want me to
But he was still unhappy about the timetable
Look at all the metalwork under there
So there's obviously an old metal fence in there
The vests are a metaphor
Shut it off, the alarm sounds, and then the dorm goes into lockdown
You need to create a resistor, a metal arch
There's a vent with a metal cap I'm trying to remove it
But it's not like we're gonna do each other's hair and make BFF TikToks together
Does your mouth taste of metal?
Grief puts a metallic taste on the back of your tongue
FANG's Artificial Insanity exhibit in Detroit, May 3, 2021
Zoomer, come here
So, I bought Zoomer a couple of hamsters and I thought they were both male, but turns out one of them was female
I don't know how You're the most powerful meta this planet has ever seen
Taylor, Vanya, and Aariz know I am a meta now and they are keeping my secret, so
Knows that you are a meta Along with Aariz and Vanya
You know, I didn't zoom in on them, but I will now!
In a year from now, summer 2023, you're all invited to the wedding
What I remember vividly as an inspector was the metal fitting on the ceiling
I remember thinking to myself what the purpose of that metal fitting was
That's how we learned the purpose of the metal fittings on the ceiling
We've been cleared to go back upstairs, but you are all going into lockdown in your rooms
Zoomer is his life
Zoomer?
I know that Zoomer is Bill's son
I've known since day one that Zoomer is not my biological offspring
I went to check on Zoomer
But Zoomer does it
I know that Bill is Zoomer's biological father
Did you know that Zoomer is Bill's son?
Zoomer makes hundreds of thousands of dollars a day
The first person who breaks out of lockdown and starts a bonfire in the hotel courtyard is a lunatic
They spend too much time on TikTok
I know that Zoomer is Bill's son
But he loved Zoomer, so it hardly mattered what he said
What Zoomer eats, measured to the last gram
So Zoomer rode his bike in here
Something Zoomer witnessed too many times to count
But the thing Zoomer needed protecting from was Andy
So one day I go to pick up Zoomer from school, same as always
Zoomer stays
And he's grown more and more obsessed with Zoomer
I had no idea that Bill was Zoomer's father
I mean, the retreat would have been in full swing, and you and Zoomer would have just slipped away into the night
And where's Zoomer?
Maybe we need to get you and Zoomer out of here Like, right now
We need a metal band to hold it together
Look for some metal
Metal
Metal
[chuckles] Metal Best two out of three?
Obviously, it's a metaphor
If they do, then the only people who will notice it is the gold and precious metals division at Customs
Uh, Constantino Precious Metals
Constantino Precious Metals
I focused on what I could control, like making sandwiches and spreading positivity globally through my TikToks
Uh, sharp piece of metal
It's quite the metaphor
She did not need to fabricate metal
And I didn't wanna tell them on Zoom, so
You know, this is not a TikTok, baby
I'm afraid that she has a gunmetal heart
I mean, the dude had a coronary, and then his wife died
We're metal gods What would you do to get that back?
Battle Creek, show us your metal!
Hard rock metal, baby
It was so intense tonight It was just so metal It was just metal
Yes, it was very metal
I thought it was metal, right? It was very metal It was superduper metal
I admire the commitment to the craft, but maybe not with the metal sticks, yeah?
All right, let's do some fuckin' metal
Is your band, uh, death metal or something?
Sounds metal
Gavin had talent, okay He was metal He was real metal
And you all, you're the opposite of metal
You may know the heavy metal band Doxxxology for their '90s hit song Staplehead
Rest in Metal
Well, I'm regretting settling on that metaphor, but, yes, I can cancer dog him
No, that bone's not old It's got metal pins in it
He's allergic to metal
A metal barrel, partially buried in the ground
Glass and metal deliveries to our door, taking our daughter to the farm after hours
It's huge Maybe 15 feet high Metal
We have the level on lockdown We'll find her
Those things dragged her out there, and, uh, they took a metal rod from one of the traps
Could be some metal spikes or trampolines, or, um, anything
The guy back at the arena, he's got the whole island on lockdown
Billionaires bankroll vaccines to insert nanodevices into every American, which the NSA, using the 5G spectrum, can use to control us
It's a metal one, right out of the movies
The entire place goes immediately into lockdown
NSA's not the only one parsing metadata
A metaphoric sacrifice so sweet
That's not the right metaphor I'm nervous Sorry
Yep, with these tires, you can zoom through the desert just as easily as we do!
No HeHe means it like a metaphor
Too much power for one person, but you had a child, and the metacrisis passed down
'Cause the metacrisis might have slowed down, but that thing is wrapped around your cortex
Got the whole timetable up here, but they added a late train, and I haven't filed it away yet
Vaccinating
Vaccinating
And now it's the first field I'm cultivating for 2022
Basically, the dark blue line is 2021 So this shows
Staggered that Kaleb knew Putin was making noises about invading Ukraine,
Since my fertilizer was now worth more than Elon Musk, it made sense to protect it from burglars
Trying to see effectively where a very small metal beetle has been wandering along the field
So that when my metal beetle went over a newly flattened bit of soil,
I decided to take a leaf out of Putin's book on COVID precautions, and set up a morning meeting with Charlie
Look, they have metal heels on the bottom Who has shoes with metal heels?
It's like I'm trapped in a metal box and it's getting smaller
I smell him, and then that's when the metal box comes and he's jammed right inside with me
COPENHAGEN 29 JUNE 2022
That last crash in LiÃ¨ge APRIL 24 2022
That was an incredible mark of respect, not necessarily doing him any good because his back and pelvis were badly injured, preventing him from riding in the 2021 Tour
In 2021, Ben finished fourth He's a fighter He's a winner
In 2021, PrimoÅ¾ crashed out early, and immediately it was clear,
TOUR DE FRANCE WINNER 2020  2021
The 11th stage of the Tour de France, the stage full of dangers, with four climbs, and perhaps the toughest pass of the 2022 Tour de France
The highest finish in this 2022 Tour, an altitude of over 2,400 metres
The ten toughest kilometres of the Tour de France 2022 have begun
Are you still optimistic that you can win the Tour de France 2022?
JULY 5TH 2022
The second stage of the Tour de France 2022 is about to start
Are you still optimistic that you can win the Tour de France 2022?
It's that the metaphor wouldn't have worked as well
Metaverse
TikTok, Snapchat
Maybe it is a guy like you who'll actually end up saving everyone from this pandemic
And with air raid wardens enforcing blackout rules compelling us to snuff out the light even in our own homes one does not have to reach far for the metaphor
That is Bedrich Smetana's Ma Vlast!
Oh, look Here we go This is Via dei Coronari
What's Via dei Coronari?
It feels like my head is caving in and that I'm stuck in a metal box
And I'm a Zoomer
Okay, but did she mention a timetable?
I'm going viral on TikTok
He returned to Japan three years ago, but there was little work due to COVID19
About 17 people were wounded, and the President of Ukraine stated that Russia has committed a war crime
In Ukraine, Russian attacks on civilian targets continue
A missile hit a shopping center in Kremenchuk in Central Ukraine
Russia has launched a massive series of missile strikes against Ukraine
According to a Ukrainian Air Force spokesman, more than eighty missiles were fired into Ukraine
The Norwegian Refugee Council has also paused its aid operations in Ukraine until it is safe to resume work
During one week, Russia has fired into Ukraine almost 150 missiles
More than 20 people were killed in a Russian strike on a train station in Central Ukraine, at least 50 are wounded
Ukraine says that Russia has stepped up its attacks yesterday on Ukraine's Independence Day
Nothing I belong to the Metalworkers' Union
Rescue efforts of the theater strike victims in Ukraine's Mariupol continue
In six short years, you could get your medical licence, sell out, and then become a TikTok medfluencer making seven figures off the ignorance of the vulnerable
Like a millennial saying words they don't understand but heard one time on TikTok
OK, pandemic realness
You said he did puzzles before COVID?
Black metal
And the monsters are the vaccine
Because I'll put it on TikTok
TikTok?
It's been Edgar this whole time, the pills, the music, the metal man, the trampoline
Can you zoom in for us, please, Jalal?
On the 7th of January 2023,
That's a bad metaphor
This is total lockdown
Total lockdown
But for others, it's Coronation Demolition Derby
I, uh, I metabolize fast because I'm dynamic
Fine, I'll have dinner with you, fine Just don't touch any of the metal
I think you can touch all the metal you want now
Metal shear?
This Goddamn metal bar keeps stickin' in my ass
UAP, unidentified aerial phenomenon These things are all over TikTok
He can zoom in, right?
He could zoom in, smile at everyone
Okay, well, I have this Zoom director's session for a movie about a pregnant gymnast
Tell that to my 600 TikTok followers, dipshit
And this is your 2023 John Doe here with with a passing resemblance for the 1941
Gabriel Defoe Born in Sheffield, 2022
In 2023, I found a record
And since metal straw Mira gave me her ID details,
How long do you think it takes to become a social activist influencer on TikTok?
Yeah, and why can't straight people get on gay TikTok?
I think I can explain zits and climate change and gay TikTok
True, but I've seen some similar TikToks
North Carolina just ended their pandemic moratorium
Zoom in right there on that bit of the wall
Zoom in there
You look like a a bornagain member of Metallica
You're gonna help me win, John, and you're gonna do it by getting behind the wheel and turning every car and contestant that crosses your path into nothing but a flaming pile of twisted metal
You understand the metaphor?
It's like Wagner realized that we're in 2023 and there can no longer just be one of us
God, I miss doing these on Zoom
He's now in bed, literally, both metaphorically and literally with somebody from a foreign country and a country that was dependent on Rome
And Central City has more meta violence per capita than any other city in the world
I used to be a meta criminal
Cecile! Meta human attorney and Meta human superhero
And Two I don't want to go back inside that metal box
But the antechamber is outfitted with a heavyduty meta dampener
We need your meta powers to help save the city
And why do we need to disable meta dampeners so you can do forensics?
They're very influential to the industrial metal scene
I mean, there's at least a dozen metas that have the ability to create one this powerful
No, Barry, I don't know I think we should think this through and weigh our options before you start zooming through time
Well, now social media is buzzing with descriptions of a new light meta, descriptions that sound exactly like me
Then I noticed the lab's last major inspection before becoming a museum was dated today, April 5, 2023
And our little bean, 'cause when she gets here, we're gonna be on her timetable for
See, I think I was a better CCPD captain because I'm not a metahuman
Chief, having metaabilities gives me a better understanding of what metacriminals go through and how they're thinking
Being human implies I'm treating metacriminals and nonmetacriminals equally
Actually, it implies you're more biased because nonmetas set up the system in the first place
I know you've been worried about the light meta buzz, so I designed this to conceal your identity
Ramsey's cells are metastasizing inside that breach
I'm babyproofing the loft with proximitybased meta dampeners
Because your greatest strength isn't some meta ability
So you're the Barry from 2023 And you are the Cecile from 2023, but in our Cecile's body
And then it went after the team in 2023
That's not all Speed Force Nora showed up in 2023
Cecile, I still can't time travel Can you warn the team back in 2023?
Now, you're catching on Good, Zoom
Get your hands in the air, Zoom!
The red lightning is gone The timeline is back to normal Which means the whole legion of Zoom
Like I'm a meta?
We'd wake up yesterday, until we go a whole year and get to July 1st, 2023, and that becomes our new checkpoint
in early 2024
Fractures of the phalanges, the metacarpal, and the radius
Yeah, and did she make her own nametag?
I just did a Zoom standup class and I got some material tryout
Maybe we need less old punk rock and more trending on TikTok
It's Decision Day 2023 What's it gonna be?
Metaphorically
Iraq Burma Ukraine
Come on, metal bastard
What about the love of humanity that goes into metal gears?
Mom, enough video game metaphors I'm not ten
with a metal ring (phone vibrating)
Where's Zoomer?
Zoomer, come back upstairs and play
Zoomer, wwill you come here?
Zoomer, can I see your kit? Sure
No, Zoomer
Did you instruct Zoomer to inject Bill Farrah with morphine from my safe, Ray?
Zoomer is a highly visual learner
So Zoomer was instructed to plug in the pacemaker receiver, giving Ray an attack surface on Rohan's heart
Ray instantly deduced that Bill Farrah was Zoomer's biological father
He's got no real reason for that And in minutes, Zoomer's in his lap
Zoomer is my child
I have shared everything with Zoomer
If Ray's coming up with this lesson for Zoomer, its curriculum comes from us
Darby, Lee, Zoomer How can I help you?
Zoomer's birthday?
That Lee and Zoomer made it to the coast, made it to the boat that Bill promised
So you told TikTok instead?
Is that because of the pandemic or something else?
Then I realized that the Tamarians' language was based on metaphor
The metaphasic figures are too immense
30% of the take and it's bad guys shooting bad guys, and we've helped refugees by curing a pandemic
Security lockdown on Decks 7 through 10 All nonessential
We've no need to devour raw materials, consume flesh or metal, not now that we can
MAJOR AB AZIZ BIN AB LATIF COMBAT TEAM CHARLIE COMMANDER 4 AUGUST 1955 12 OCTOBER 2022
And I don´t know if it was that the metal detector went off or, while he was doing that, he noticed a little bit of red cloth, which ultimately, uh, was, uh, the jacket I don´t that Jacob was wearing
So fibers from the mat under the seat and fibers from floor mat, driver´s side, carpet, driver´s side, metal pieces from carpet, padding from driver´s side, and bracket from driver´s side,
2023?
Then, is it 2023 now?
Yes, this is the year 2023
I still haven't found a way to go back to 2023
So, what you're saying is that you're not Kwon Minju but Han Junhee from the year 2023?
And in 2023, I gave you a journal, asking you to go back to 1998 and change the course of fate so Minju doesn't die?
However, the problem now is that I have no idea how I can go back to 2023
I am Han Junhee from 2023, and I'm in Kwon Minju's body temporarily
And I want to return Minju's body to its rightful owner as soon as possible and go back to being myself, Han Junhee, in 2023
So, if I help you go back to being Han Junhee in 2023, what will you do for me?
I came all the way from 2023 to 1998 to see that
Aren't I supposed to go back to 2023 when I listen to this song?
That's how I'll turn this Koo Yeonjun into the person Junhee remembers in 2023
Oh Chanyeong of 2023 was able to come to 1998 using this
Because Oh Chanyeong returned to his body in 2023, his plan to harm Minju failed?
I'm not Kwon Minju, but Han Junhee from 2023
So you're saying that you came to 1998 from 2023
I heard in 2023 that someone would murder Kwon Minju on October 13, 1998
In 2023, it'll be difficult to get a job even if you graduate from a university
And I've become curious about how Han Junhee lived in 2023
I went back to 2023 for a bit
Did you really believe Minju when she said she was Han Junhee from 2023?
Did you actually believe that Han Junhee from 2023 entered my body?
The lively and charming Han Junhee from 2023 and the boyfriend she can't forget no matter what, Koo Yeonjun
As of the current date, in 2023, the aftermath of the accident at Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station
It's a metaphor
Metaphor for what?
B and E in Metairie Response needed
Out of an abundance of caution, the city council has decided to cancel the 2021 Halloween Carnival
But I saw it on a TikTok So I thought I'd give it a try
More importantly, the cancer has metastasized from the location where you previously had surgery
Now zoom in Hurry up
The head, zoom in more
Allyson Beatrice, reported missing, August 2021
It goes without saying, I'm speaking metaphorically
But he also exploits that pain until anger metastasizes into an ideasomeone needs to pay
Still today, in 2023, at least one woman goes missing weekly from Anchorage alone
You'll have a checkpoint at the entrance with handheld metal detectors
It's nice to see you in person, instead of on a Zoom screen
40 years later, and the music and the video is coming to life again for the next generation on TikTok
Michael Jackson's music has been available on TikTok since August 2020
There are about ten million video creations on TikTok right now that include music from Thriller
And so I came up with an idea of thinking that I really want to change, metamorphosis into some other creature
The presence of metals from teeth or artificial limbs
The tumor has metastasized, which means it's spread beyond the front of her brain
No, they're all in Ukraine, Taiwan, or fucking Africa
Pomona apartment building 2021
Well, I repurposed her code in order to have Ziggy predict where she would have gone when she put us in lockdown
You're a time traveler from the year 2022
Was that a sports metaphor? Yeah, I know
Please, the date on this photo is March 13th, 2022
I know everything about you, Dr Ben Song from the year 2022
Sorry, could I trouble you for a set of the metal airplane wings?
They want to undo everything that we did here at Quantum Leap by killing the person who leaped in 2022
I leaped in 2022 to come back here and save your life
I'm initiating lockdown
Did I She just initiate lockdown?
Hi, hey, 2023 Jenn
It becomes a stark metaphor for, um well, for life, don't you think?
When I married Tonya, it was a pandemic of broken hearts out there
After birth, metacat had been destroyed
You've got more super fans than Elon Musk
Blessing's gift for monetization saw her eclipsing Adam's desire for expansion with the creation of a Sundry House in the metaverse, a virtual watering hole for every rich douchebag on Earth
In reality, you are a frightened little boy, dressed up in a metalplated costume
I'm on a Zoom!
Broken carpals and metacarpals He fought back
Then we have these cards Same cardstock, same metallic ink
Wait Freeze that Zoom in
FRIDAY – 30/08/2022
So there he was with his mate Trevor, working away when this sixfoot sheet of metal above them comes loose, falls down, misses my uncle, but whoosh
Six figures of metal traveling through the clubhouse
Sire, they've managed to infiltrate the city using the metal beasts
Our ship is zooming to you from the Sirius System
The orb's like a nuclear grenade, meant only to be launched at a metahuman
If the math is right, the meta human absorbs all of the blast
All international metahuman conference delegates, please report to conference room 12
Unsanctioned metahuman detected in main lobby
There's a metahuman assault squad guarding the door
Any approaching boat made of metal sets them off
I feel the metamorphosis of my physical body, the transmutation of my psyche
In 2021, the world watched as a family of wild Chinese elephants slept, exhausted after an epic 400kilometer journey
About half an hour later, they came over, white as a ghost, and they said, Just to let you know, our mate's just got a message saying he's positive for COVID
That is due to Pat being deemed a close contact of a positive COVID case last night
Stage 4 lymphoma It's metastasized to my bones
Mmhmm I busted my butt to open it during the pandemic
It's a lovely metaphor Grief is like the sea
I beg you, please, stop getting all your information from TikTok
I don't like the verbiage, but it is a pretty apt metaphor
Pat Cummins is returning from the COVID protocols, but Josh Hazlewood is injured and doesn't appear likely to play
Our team manager Gav came up to me and goes, Mate, COVID protocols, they're not gonna be able to come in the change room
[commentator] Breaking news, Australian batsman, Travis Head has tested positive for COVID19, so unavailable for the Test in Sydney
They've had four players rubbed out with COVID19 this week
'Cause it bears saying out loud, even by a generous timetable, you are behind
Yeah, but don't worry, 'cause they gave him a new plastic arm with a little metal hook on the end of it
Shit You know what Elon Musk does?
No one has lower cum levels than Elon Musk, okay?
There's a sixmonth waiting list for Elon Musk's cum
No one has less sperm than Elon Musk
To having less spunk than Elon Musk
America's in horrible shape We got it worse than Ukraine
'Cause Ukraine is united and America is clearly divided
Well, do you happen to know where that piece of metal is that could take the devil down?
I could do Zoom Do you do Zoom?
Zoom is fine I'll be in my car, if that's not an issue
Your drugs, your bullshit vaccines
Nothing but fart cans and tuner metal out on the roads today
What kind of metal is this?
Dr Kramer had just concluded a live Zoom interview with a local morning show
Audio from the Zoom cued up?
Honestly, these ZoomySkypey type meetings, they're hard enough as it is
This is Penny Fleming's bank statement from October 2022
Okay, I haven't figured out what this weird metal ring thing is yet, but I did find all
Oh, it's more prog rock than metal But you can't put Chilliwack in a box
He's on lockdown
I wanted to do a TikTok video with him!
And I made this cool fucking WuTang medallion out of scrap metal
Put the pedal to the metal, boy!
A quick zoom and enhance on some video footage, then trackin' down an address off an invoice
His right coronary artery takes off anomalously from his ascending aorta
I understand being riskaverse after what happened yesterday, but the patient you lost had metastatic cancer and an unhinged family
The more metallicgreen ones with plain, unmarked wings are the females
Um, Sara is an influencer who hosts Wonder Woman tea parties on TikTok
You don't sew It's a metaphor
The bank of the Adam Metal Supply Plant on 50th Avenue
Mezzacorona? What's the occasion?
Because of COVID, it was put off because the courts were not open
The Four Points Sheraton was on complete lockdown for most of the night and early morning hours
Its findings coincided with an expansive report by the ACLU in 2021
EDISON KARTASASMITA 16 JUNE 1995 21 AUGUST 2021
We deserve that aid from the government with no solid plan about this pandemic
You're too choosy in a pandemic
During the pandemic, Papa asked him a favor for me
[laughs] [overlapping chatter] [Maymay] You'll be late again doing TikTok!
If there was no pandemic where would Britney Gatmaitan be?
During the pandemic, she became a helper
When the pandemic hit, the couple she works for lost their jobs
It is, but it doesn't appear to have metastasized
Do you know what that means, metastasized? Um
Right after the world shut down 'cause of COVID,
Look for metal
She has a giant coronary aneurysm, a result of the Kawasaki
She's gonna need coronary artery bypass surgery
She has a GCA Giant coronary aneurysm
Still set to 2024
2024 looks pretty similar to 2020
Ooh, I like that boxing metaphor
When 17yearold Nikki Kuhnhausen wants to feel free, she posts a TikTok
On August 27th, 2021, two years, two months and nineteen days later, it's time for David to be judged
Autosomal recessive thiamine metabolism dysfunction, syndrome 2
If you ask me, these metal rackets, these nylon strings, they are no substitute for sportsmanship
Michael goes on trial first in October, 2021
I know it's bad if you're quotin' Drake in 2023
I want this company to reflect the diversity, the inclusivity, and the values of 2023
Well, you wear a ring on your right ring finger, but your left pointer, and, um, and another one on your right thumb, but there's no metal where the wedding band goes
Elon Musk 20 Notoriously private
But maybe you can teach her something about TikTok
IP from the email was linked to a dormant account in New Zealand, and there's nothing from the video metadata
But they'd set up the metal detectors outside the front door
It would take extreme heat to work the metal on those Scorpions
That was a metaphor
Plaintiff's complaint Plaintiff's brief submitted on May 3, 2022
Plaintiff will testify based on the brief submitted on June 6, 2022, and exhibits 1 to 12 have been submitted
Since the baby was still young and yet to be vaccinated, they agreed on waiting for six months
This may sound out of place, but I once heard this metaphor for marriage
In the isolation of the pandemic, it was almost like the question became,
You should have all received your student login after the Zoom orientations
They said that she got stuck on a Zoom
Nice try You think I don't know how hard it is hiring people since COVID?
There's a TikTok
And in 1977, they'd launch the Voyager 1 and 2 probes, each with a metal audio record
Isn't it like a gigantic metal fist, swinging eternally against the unfeeling universe?
I saw how the tidal power rip the world into two, how the ocean boil over lava, and how the corona of the stars devour one planet after another
Therefore, during the periods of intense solar activities, such as sunspots, solar flares, coronal mass ejections, the solar interference can't be eliminated
TikTok, Instagram
Wood and metal?
It's actually, you know, put together through some mold work but also, you know, there's metal work there and it's also a costume of all kinds of mechanical parts
As much as I enjoy our metaphysical chats, I'm assuming you're here with a purpose
Tomorrow is coronation day
Amidst the ongoing recession brought on by COVID19
Construction on the building you see behind me had been suspended twice due to onsite workers being diagnosed with COVID19
The last thing is, if something like COVID19 were to spread again,
The Rookie of the Year Tournament is supposed to be held amidst the loud shouting and cheering of fans expressing their love and support, but due to COVID19, there are no spectators today
There's the pandemic
[groans] COVID19 special loans
COVID19 SUPPORT SUPER LOWINTEREST SPECIAL LOAN Back in the day,
The pandemic has made many people desperate
But, uh, the government has started a special support project to help the small business owners who are struggling because of the pandemic
We know this pandemic will pass soon DEBT REPAYMENT AND NEW CONTRACT AGREEMENT
Mmhm, but it's been postposed due to COVID
Human resources will start taking in applications from January 14th, 2023
Your flower metaphors make me nauseated with their sweetness, but I applaud your point
It is Coronation Day
Coronation Day is a great day for her and the country
Violet, Coronation Day is a great day
Happy Coronation Day, Daddy
Happy Coronation Day, Violet
After a few strained first days, they enjoyed a wonderful honeymoon, and the Coronation has only drawn them closer
It was Coronation Day
The Crown must be examined on Coronation Day Hmm
It's Coronation Day
The Crown must be examined on Coronation Day
Okay, well, I mean, at least he's vaccinated
We should be stockpiling cholera vaccines,
The man with the vaccines
Coprine's benign but when it mixes with alcohol it metabolizes into 1aminocyclopranol
No, that wasn't a metaphor
YEAR 2023
I have a metal bar in my chest?
Stop Zoom in on that guy
We performed an autopsy as you requested, but we didn't find metal in her stomach
2023 NETWORKING EVENT GUEST LIST
2023 BUSINESS NETWORKING EVENT
2023 BUSINESS NETWORKING EVENT
It's not intellectually stimulating or anything, but it's a job, especially during this time with COVID and my circumstance
YEAR 2023
That's the No Sangcheon that I knew YEAR 2023
MAGANG NAMBU POLICE AGENCY YEAR 2023
YEAR 2023
IN 2022, CONFORMING TO THE SPIRIT OF HIS FRIENDS,
So try to line up whatever footage we had with the POVs and made sure that our characters from 2021 were in the right position, so they would line up with the footage that we have to hand
City's on lockdown
Any metal Yeah I always set these darn things off
Code Gray We're initiating lockdown
Certain metals Alloys
Is that what the kids call a TikTok?
Zoom in closer
Vaccines are profitable when they are irreplaceable
2022 OUTDOOR CAMPING FAIR SUNGMAN: Director Kim is on board with us
2022 OUTDOOR CAMPING FAIR MANAGER: I was going to call you first, but I've been really busy
(sink water running) (metallic clattering)
Can you zoom in?
Mavis was spotted on the Jersey turnpike earlier this morning, driving her 2022 Polestar, crossing state lines, making this case ours
And then in 2021, the double homicide
Well, we started doin' some diggin' on him, and what we found was over 160,000 in incremental checks, most of them under ten grand, from October 2020 to May of 2021
So in October of 2021,
He has been indicted by the Colleton County grand jury for 2022 GS 15592
2022 GS 15593, that is for the murder of Paul Murdaugh
And with COVID19 sweeping the entire world, it only became harder to find a job
2023 TAEKANG NEW EMPLOYEE FINAL INTERVIEW Mr Choi Yeejae, you have a high TOEIC score and even have an HSK, but you've never once studied abroad
TikTok Okay? I've been sayin' it all along
Rob here, he was working a circular saw, and He was slicing some sheet metal
Lytic lesions are commonly associated with metastases
The city's on lockdown
Hey, this virus is similar to the other versions we already have vaccines for
Vaccine
I have the vaccine though
I have the vaccine
Well, he had to have a metal plate put in his head, ad settled in court for six million dollars
I'm mixing my pop culture metaphors 'cause I'm fucking upset!
According to his TikTok, he was clubbing last night in the West Village, not far from Lula's hotel
Rubinsky's one of the few Russian athletes that didn't denounce the invasion of Ukraine
Six 9 mil, full metal jacket casings
Okay, it's 11:45 pm, December 15, 2022
Its extraction doesn't leave metal on electrodes
He was probably harvesting heavy metal ore from the smoke detectors
A really nasty metal Thallium
Because heavy metal poisoning is so rare there's only one machine on Earth that could ID it
Excuse me My favorite metal could solve every problem at Mountain Vista
Metal Gear Solid 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
Before Hideo Kojima made Metal Gear, everything was about engaging, about combat
This was a COVID game before COVID
Uh, let's swab for COVID too, just to rule it out
I can zoom in some
I'll make a timetable for your lessons by next time Let's work together
We're doing two weeks on the substandard metal bracing alone
Springfield is in lockdown
Why don't we find something to take our minds off lockdown?
I bet there's a world of fun lockdown hobbies
Tomorrow, this lockdown will be over, and everything will be back to normal
Lockdown must end
It's lockdown, and we're out of ranch dressing
Five minutes of lockdown, and you churchwads are just ready to toss everything, huh?
They extended the lockdown
How do you know about the lockdown?
Lockdown kids of Springfield, we're gonna save our principal's blankie
What has lockdown done to us?
Lockdown is over
Yeah, kids prefer TikTok, Instagram, going to church, dentist appointments, even getting bullied
Unfortunately, in 2022
On the 31st of August, of 2022, during the performing of my duties around and on the Earth's orbit,
Hey, I don't know if you guys have heard about this new virus called the coronavirus, but it's a real thing, and I just read an article in the LA Times
Our friend Lynn Gruson wrote back, Are you sure that's the coronavirus?
Yes? Show me photos in July from the year 2022
All of our tools have metal
US Senator Constance Miller is currently on a flight home from a diplomatic trip to Ukraine
It's a metaphor for the Jews And not a good one
A dented plate of metal and a bent coil
And he travels a lot, you know, so there's vaccines, plus BOTOX injections, cholesterol scripts, medical advice for friends and family
No additional metastasis
I can't wait to meet her I mean, she's a teen TikTok icon
He did miss some of the family Zoom calls
and kind of a metaphor for life No, I want to
The year was 2023
2023, this year
I'll be staying behind this ornate lattice metal facade at the Hoshinoya Hotel
A metaphorical panda bear, Mike
Literal shit or metaphorical shit?
Am I gonna have trouble getting through a metal detector at the airport
They can kill 200 people a year So, I'm happy to stick to their timetable
Natalia's esophageal cancer has metastasized to her brain
Natalia, your CT scan shows a possible metastasis in your brain We'll need to excise it immediately
During the pandemic, they made us both parttime
Install vaccine
Interesting The husband died because of Covid?
They're made of metal
Oh, they're metal
Looks like this metal bowl keeps the food hot
I've never used metal chopsticks
[boy 2] See you later, Metagross!
So we may be contributing to Russia's war against Ukraine
'Cause that is what it takes to keep the lights on during a pandemic
God, I miss COVID Can't we just do all of this on Zoom?
Please I'm tap dancing for ad executives while people are dying in Ukraine
Yeah, early pandemic buy
Hey Covid S
I would've loved that during the pandemic
What was it like having Covid with a camera in your face?
They can drive the conversation about increasing aid to Ukraine
I mean, I'm in a pod with you during the pandemic
Our zip code has the highest rate of COVID in the state
My mom has COVID
Think you're happy when people like my mom die, because they had they get COVID 'cause they're uneducated, or they're hicks, or they're just not as fucking smart as you
Man Pandemic is fucking weird
Nope, nope Not worth getting COVID
You have any idea what it is like trying to get clean on Zoom or stuck in that house cleaning Mom's shit out?
As the vaccine hits your system you may experience dizziness, confusion, fever
I, Wow, is this how you spent your pandemic?
We'll meet one mother who, during the pandemic, decided her kids would never return to their traditional classroom again
It was a few months into the pandemic
Um, well, actually, during the pandemic,
Pause the video at six seconds and zoom in on the reflection in the trophy case
Nu metal?
Okay, determining your base metabolism
All right, what animal has the fastest metabolism?
Zoom in on that plate
Yeah So they meet, things go sideways, Eric has to run for his life, then he gets concussed diving into a metal dumpster to hide
August 20 of 2021
Metadata on the photos confirms that they were taken in Turkey
Like, I'm trying to get back into life and sort of feel that enthusiasm again of prepandemic life
But postpandemic dating, like, I'm
I found this therapist and he's really smart and we Zoom
I had a really, um, weird thing where, during the pandemic
I really noticed this coming out of the pandemic
I'm nostalgic for prepandemic times and we didn't know how good we had it
I don't believe that they're just on TikTok I think they're wicked
The Soledad segment exploded on Twitter and TikTok
I'm not even on TikTok
Uh, Natalia Asaki, 32, postop day two from right craniotomy for resection of a metastatic lesion from the primary esophageal carcinoma
I confirmed she's been vaccinated against influenza and pneumococcal infection
On November 18th, 2022, he was murdered in Manila, Philippines
Can you zoom in?
In JMS, the Bible is purely a metaphor
The cloud is only a metaphor made for people
That's what Genesis says, but he made it a metaphor
Since he invented this metaphor, he's the savior who'll spare mankind from corruption, basically by not allowing people to have sex
Another team in Korea went to the airport when the female followers were leaving, and took zoomedup pictures of them with telephoto lenses
I got vaccinated that same day, so I unfortunately had a fever
FROM NOVEMBER 2018 TO SEPTEMBER 2021
They say that the world will change after the pandemic
The metal on this one is burnt and twisted
I mean, back then, it would've been a bunch of metal and wood
Hang on, gents Allie's getting into heavy metal
You see how the metal from the barrette is twisted to the left?
Full metal jacket Most likely fired from a governmentissue
And then when you dumped the body, you didn't know how heavy a 65pound girl could be in a metal drum
He probably took the east corridor Initiate a full lockdown
Put the prison on lockdown now We have to talk to him
Our pigs have been vaccinated, and there are no farms nearby
But judging by this scan, it's metastasized to your peritoneum
However, with the aggressive metastases,
And I can help him with medicines and vaccinations, so don't worry about that
Case 133 of the year 2023
Hwang Soohyun was last seen before her death on October 3, 2021
That's right Elon Musk said that
Through the Internet, electric cars, hyperloop, space travels and terraforming Mars, Elon Musk continues his innovations to save the world
What's your secret ingredient that makes food taste like metal and cosmetics?
That's right Elon Musk said that
He quoted Elon Musk
Her food tastes like metal and makeup, but cooking makes her the happiest
This stuff's from the metal factory that used to be here
Most of it's junk from the old metal company except for this receipt dated three days ago from Colston Uniforms
They're recommending a lockdown ward for him Okay
That piece of metal was at the center of the explosion
Mostly metal, but about a third of it's wood
Even the time stamp, the EXIF and the metadata are authentic
I think you're mixing your animal metaphors, mate
Morphine metabolites
She has the antibodies of a strain of COVID that's just starting to roll through Shanghai, so, uh
Cover story is, he's in the infirmary with Covid symptoms
May 4, 2021, two shots to the head, one to the chest
I don't know Door bolts automatically in a lockdown, so
And none of the inmates were inside their cells when the lockdown was engaged
Are you telling me she's in the lockdown zone?
Is that inside the lockdown zone?
We're in lockdown
That was when your nametag went missing, right?
You have Yeonjn's nametag, don't you?
Will you become a murderer, or will you turn over the nametag and you'll only be charged with manslaughter?
I sent your missing nametag straight over to the police
I didn't get the chance to use your nametag back then
This nametag can't even be used as evidence
Her nametag was found much later
[loud, metallic clanging]
Ms Cha Jeongsuk's score for the 2022 resident assessment examination is 49
2022 RESIDENCY INTERVIEWS
Nothing unusual was found in the abdominal images, and no signs of metastasis in her abdominal or chest CT scans
The cancer cells have metastasized to her liver as well
The lung CT scan shows that they've metastasized to two areas on the right lung and one area on the left lung
They've also metastasized to her spine, so surgery won't be an option
It's metastasized through the liver and artery lymph nodes
We all know the best course of action is to perform R0 resection for patients who have colorectal cancer that has metastasized to the liver
I hope this doesn't offend you, but do you have the skill to remove all the metastasized cancer in the liver?
The liver metastasis is worsening due to hematogenous metastasis since the treatment has been delayed
Isn't this a patient with colon cancer that metastasized to the liver?
Has it metastasized to the stomach?
Rather than metastasis to the stomach, it's a gastric cancer perforation with peritoneal seeding
I've been hit with a bat before, I know what a metal bat fuckin' feel like
And when I first walked in this bitch, they hit me in the head with a bat Not no plastic bat With a fucking metal bat!
Well, I have an actual window, so I get unobstructed views of the Pacific over Coronado
There's a Zoomer Car
GreySloan is on a hospitalwide lockdown
They lifted the hospital lockdown, and if you want to keep the clinic closed for a couple days, everyone would understand
Now, let's talk about her coronation
CrimeCon 2023 Las Vegas
And thank the Lord for metaphors!
Metal detectors don't pick it up, and it causes total memory loss
Because it feels like we're hitting a metaphor pretty hard on the head here
That's over $100,000 in 2022, to put it in financial context for no apparent reason
If she were to find out now that this new store of ours is a hunk of metal built on all sorts of corruption, the tables just might end up turning
And brain fog I'm a COVID longhauler
Damage from COVID disrupted the balance The virus may have saved your life
Is it possible the tet is connected to my long COVID symptoms?
There's a medication called propranolol that will significantly reduce the risk of having another spasm during surgery, but because of your long COVID, you're at risk for some very rare side effects
You know, before COVID, my brain was
Brady Sullivan Oil rig worker Metal sheet hit him
The metal sheet he was welding caused another injury
So no one got cut in half with a metal sheet on an oil rig?
But luckily, there's no signs of metastasis, which means we can debulk the tumor
A bicoronal subfrontal craniotomy
Be careful of the sutura coronalis
FRIDAY, JANUARY 13TH 2023
THURSDAY, JANUARY 13TH 2022
MONDAY, JANUARY 16TH, 2023
JANUARY 1ST, 2021
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18TH, 2023
THURSDAY, JANUARY 19TH, 2023
JANUARY 13TH 2023, FRIDAY 12:05 PM
NOVEMBER 18TH, 2022 MASARU HIROTA
SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 2023
SUNDAY, JANUARY 22ND, 2023
TUESDAY, JANUARY 24TH, 2023
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7TH, 2023
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8TH, 2023
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13TH, 2023
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15TH, 2023
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 19TH, 2023
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11TH 2023
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21ST, 2023
MARCH 2022
FEBRUARY 23RD, 2023
THURSDAY, JANUARY 12TH, 2023
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28TH, 2023
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26TH, 2023, 1:39 PM
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27TH, 2023, 3:27 PM
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28TH, 2023, 6:08 AM
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1ST, 2023
THURSDAY, MARCH 2ND, 2023
SUNDAY, MARCH 5TH, 2023
FRIDAY, MARCH 17TH, 2023 7:02 AM
That's a metaphor, RubÃ©n
It's not a metaphor
Oh, yes There are a lot of heavy metal stickers on the car
Man, I'm sick of these zoomers
That's, uh, something I saw on TikTok
TTikTok, you should
Maybe it was the worldwide pandemic that happened in the middle of my residency, or the program being shut down last year
Look, these clubs almost went bankrupt during the pandemic
They're offering solutions payment plans, timetables, debt consolidation intended to give people their dignity back
And you're telling me that you turned those dead ends into $16 billion with timetables and empathy?
This is how metalheads look A little respect, bro
You look more like rusted metal, bro
Do the metal sign
I tell you, for someone who started out playing in little heavy metal bands and proms, you've come a long way, haven't you, Nelson?
Going to pick up vaccination records for Sam
Closed after COVID
2021, check
Oh, so my DJ has this urgent Zoom meeting that just came up, and the rats ate our WiFi thing, so
TikTok channel with over 6,000 views
So, this is Beau Newman's TikTok?
I just saw your TikTok
What world are you living in? One that's TikTokbased?
Now, eat your piccata [can opens] [heavy metal music playing] [muttering]
With 100,000 followers on TikTok, she thinks she's Rihanna,
It looks like your fall caused the metal instrumentation from your previous spinal fusion to break off, and your C1 and C2 vertebrae are now compressing your spinal cord
Lindsay is allergic to the metal that they used to stabilize her spine
We'll 3D print a matrix of coral and stem cells, so your body will use it as a scaffold to fuse the vertebrae without any metal
A highly touted recruit coming up in the 2022 class
We're gon' do a Zoom meetin', um, probably a little later tonight
He'll complete 2021 Uh, he will not return in 2022
I give you the class of 2022
Zoom in if there's a reaction
Camera three, zoom in
I knew terrible things were gonna happen in 2024, but at least my mom was alive
(time machine zooms and whirs) WYATT:
We can't let the awful things you saw in 2024 ever happen
The whole spacetime continuum is at our fingertips, and you wanna go to 2024?
2024 is where Griffin and Harper said something really bad is going to happen
ZOEY: What are you doing in 2024?
HARPER: Why Is the radio set to 2024?
Yeah, well, part of me just wants to travel to 2024
I asked for a certified ASL interpreter, but they're out today with COVID, so she's been helping out on that front
You can zoom out
I'm speaking metaphorically
Metaphorically and literally
Surviving a shooting and then having to walk around with metal inside you for the rest of your life?
That is when you stay alert long enough not to drop a sharp metal object while someone's spine is exposed
She was recording her next TikTok video
We're practicing for TikTok
TikTok?
You're practicing for TikTok?
The cops are coming out Zoom on it!
Camera four, zoom in on Fara
Now, there's no end in sight in Ukraine, so the members are gathering
According to ChatGPT
Does India stand for Ukraine or Russia?
Whoa! Is that a giant metal spike hidden in your secret door of mystery or are you just pleased to
You know, COVID with all the isolation and loneliness really amplified the conspiracy theories in general, made the medical system in particular an easy target
Our resolution for 2023 was to lose weight, get fit
It must be my metabolism
Oh, and another one Vaccines
So it metastasized It spread from my pancreas
Nothing glaring in Jan's chart, but it turns out her sister, Deborah, was seen at East Mercy right before the pandemic for a broken arm
We were never going back to 2023
This metaphor isn't helping But we're just telling someone they can't work here
Gotta be Pip's room Or a raccoon metal band on tour
Really regret that metaphor
Most designers include alternate doors to make the metal one entirely useless
Wha? [metal clangs]
I think he's probably a metaphor?
I think he was a metaphor representing the challenges
I mean, heavymetal mining is a serious human rights issue
Dude, send me that TikTok of the shark dancing on the stripper pole
Maybe we should just plan on doing a monthly Zoom hang or something
There's nothing to be afraid of, David We're in a solid metal cage
Zoom in
Wait, what if I zoom in?
April 2024
The coronation in Memphis would've attracted the highest administrators and priests
I don't know It's a metaphor
It was a picture of me, but I zoomed in on you
I figured we could destroy it to mend your broken blood pump metaphorically
October 25th, 2021, at 9:02 am
Friday, October 15, 2021
October 15th, 2021, at 9:01 am
Uh, I will enter an order staying proceedings in the trial court, uh, until the earlier of May 4th, 2022, or further order of the Court
And you see there, on the 1st of June, 2023, that should get us back to around a month before the second singularity is created
If we build a machine to go past the checkpoint in 2023, we can stop the creation of the loop
If you see me in 2023, just try not to shoot me, yeah?
On 1st of June 2023
Alright I lived through 2023 twice
Except we're not in 2023
So how do we get to 2023 to stop the time break causing the singularity and rescue Janet, without waiting for five years
We were never going back to 2023
We were never going back to 2023
Pull 2024 Janet out, yeah
I think so, although the ogres are used as a metaphor
Alexander Graham Bell tested his new design for a metal detector to try to locate the bullet which had become lodged somewhere in the President's abdomen
You gotta admit, though, that stunt with the firetruck was pretty metal
2022 SPECIAL RECRUITMENT OF EXPERIENCED WORKERS
2022 MARCH NEWS CLIPPING
Regarding the controversy over the 2022 No Qualifications,
Because I've already had some Zooms, and the response is amazing
Oh, my God, you've You've had some Zooms?
That's so great Did you guys also make some TikTok videos, you and your little killer friends?
But she also has, like, 150 million followers on TikTok, so we are fucking viral, babe! Okay
There's certainly no pills, no vaccines
But regardless of one's views, only an intellectually dishonest person could watch a chromosome undergo the metaphase of cell division and still believe that an allpowerful bearded man in the sky designed it that way
That's a metaphor
Boy, you really work hard for these metaphors
Southwest Petro was filed July 10, 2022
Zoom in What kind of cars are on that carrier?
I mean, the coronation was basically preordained since freshman year
No, I really love talking about mental health Like, you should look at my TikTok It's, like, 70% therapists
We don't know what diseases or viruses they have, so we must consider using a comprehensive vaccination
I'm sure that vaccines will be crucial for the success of the plan
All refugees must register their personal information, complete a physical examination, and get vaccinated to be reassigned to General Districts
All refugees must register their personal information, complete a physical examination, and get vaccinated to be reassigned to General Districts
Oh, and word to the others that they have to get vaccinated soon too
Refugees who have finished registering their personal information will receive a basic physical examination, including measuring height and weight, and receive a comprehensive vaccine shot
The comprehensive vaccine was created by Cheonmyeong Pharmaceuticals in consideration of the weakened immune system and health of refugees
The comprehensive vaccine was created by Cheonmyeong Pharmaceuticals in consideration of the weakened immune system and health of refugees
The vaccine has undergone a thorough range of clinical trials and tests to prove its safety and efficacy
If they give you the vaccine, you will die!
The vaccine plan has failed due to the attack on the physical examination centers
Your TikTok star has something the murderer needed
You, the Constable, find yourself at the end of your metaphorical rope, clinging to sanity as you are interrogating three improbable suspects
Businesses, TikTok, an acting career?
Hey, unbelievable! Your game metaphors
Made in Mexico Corona
They peel them with their metal knives
The 20222435, plaintiff, Lee Ro Um
July 5, 2022, the true culprit, Ye Chung Sik, confessed to the murder
His last house tour was in the winter of 2021
He was arrested for fraud in 2021 and was in prison for a little over a year
Case 2022, Exhibit 23423
Case 2022, Exhibit 11049
(December 9, 2022)
On March 18, 2023, the defendant was detained at Seoul Central Prosecutors' Office, and right before transportation to lockup, she fled the Prosecutors' Office during a blackout, thereby causing a disruption to the investigation
Step 5B: provide a metaphorical fig leaf for your limp, wilting ego
Did not have that on my 2023 bingo card What?
I say, could you find the tapes from November the 21st, 2022?
I follow you on TikTok, Instagram It's an honor to meet you
I do a lot of, like, what I call mertivational videos, where I might go on TikTok and be like
How are you gonna turn that metal building into this magical oasis?
The air hose is my metaphor
This is gorgeous This is Mertailor, 2022
2023 KING HOTEL 100THANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION
We worked all through COVID
Some of us, and I was one of 'em, got the COVID
Even when you got the COVID, you didn't get paid
Like Elon Musk
Not everybody's going to be an Elon Musk
The COVID hit
They were going in the house, taking care of the folk with COVID
But the pandemic has made it more acute
Any discussions on metaverse?
Pandemic hits, gyms are closed
Fight Island was the only true bubble that ever existed during COVID
When this Corona thing happened, I got into the best shape of me life
The COVID situation, it's an extra confounder
Can you just reflect and talk to me about how that makes you feel hearing that in 2021?
What's the difference between Conor McGregor that won in 2014 and Conor McGregor that lost in 2021?
Conor McGregor was the highest paid athlete in 2021
Promo code, ZoomShrink@SexAndTheCity
I just tested positive for COVID, so you're gonna have to get an actress to record it
I have COVID
You really buried the lede COVID!
She just tested positive for COVID
Now she's got COVID?
With the COVID I mean
I don't have COVID I faked it
She doesn't know I have fake COVID
I have COVID!
I got COVID
We Zoomed with the advertising team and it's actually quite legitimate and impressive
Um, first off, I just wanna say thank you for Zooming with me on a Sunday morning
A Zoom any time for this book tour is, ya know, beats flying coach out of Newark
My computer literally leapt to its death to get me out of that Zoom
starter in the pandemic, so did you
Yeah I mean, it started during the pandemic
He had a big, ugly fight with his TikTok client
To remind you of your metamorphosis
Yes, in between the DMs and TikToks from every actress and wannabe out there
Oh, cool, you're sticking with that metaphor
I don't have a knife Thinking on my feet, used a metal spatula Just
No, I've only seen it on, like, TikTok and stuff like that
All right, I just got my vaccine and I would recommend it to everyone
I'm sending this message through various different channels to reach my dear Russian friends and the Russian soldiers serving in Ukraine
I saw it on TikTok
Well, not compared to your friends in Coronado
We've almost completely paid off the loans we requested during the pandemic
It's not a piece of metal
Go back to where you started and walk past the metal gates at the entrance of the island to find it
WEEKLY REPORT MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2023 [Na Byeonghui] Weekly report?
Ms Gu Sanyeong signed the insurance policy on February 25, 2023
It's great Elon Musk is always on it too
We got one of those metal clamps, like Clockwork Orange
Now, this motherfucking piece of metal is worth more than all of them
The metastasis has started
If you don't want me to shove your fat, ginger head up his dog's ass, take Covidface and back the fuck off
Then we thought, in the medium term, why not totally flood the metaverse, directly on the Internet, too, in the peripheral, secondary universes
We had a metal sheet come off the roof a few months back
We were never going back to 2023
We're from the year 2024
In 2024, the world gets caught in an infinite three week time loop
I just thought you should know, in 2024, Crystal Palace just sacked their manager
We can use it to fix the time machine on the plane and get back to 2024
So just so I'm totally sure I understand, there's a time machine in 2024 and
July 22nd, 2024
Zoom in close That's it I want to see his cheap tie
The letters will be metal, right?
HRISTO NAUMOV 1946 2022 BLAGA NAUMOVA 1952 20
Thanks to COVID, business is booming
I can keep training hard while I'm working, and then I can start boxing again when the pandemic is over
It's probably closed because of COVID It's past ten
Hey, it isn't my fault they're closed because of COVID
There are a lot of people itching for a fix now that gambling in Macau has been blocked off due to COVID
[metal clanking]
[metal clanking] [goon 1] Who is this guy?
[Woojin exhales deeply] [metal clanking]
[metal clanking] [Gunwoo] We can use this
There was a 40story boutique hotel being built in Gangnam, but the company went bankrupt during the pandemic
[metal clanking]
We're short on blood because of COVID
My wants us to go to Paris, but I don't think we'll go with COVID
Ugh, goddamn COVID
[metal clanging] [grunting]
It's 2023, Dad
It's not 2023 in my house
I've never liked linguistic metaphors
BY THE END OF 2022, THE PSB UNCOVERED 1156 MILLION TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORK FRAUD
After I got into high school, COVID19 blew up
In 2022, my team won the national high school competition
Not literally It's just a metaphor that people suck
You pushed the plot forward with symbolic metaphors and dry prose
My father passed away in 1995, and you're in 2022 right now
Why am I in 2022?
That day, Gangsan slipped through time from 1995 to 2022
There's your limb stretcher, your pleasant bird sound maker, your Metamucil holder, and your correspondence reader
Both types are currently in this zombie pandemic
If we can create a vaccine, we can counter any sort of dangerous virus
And a vaccine to deal with the zombies could be developed tomorrow!
Stopping a virus means we'll need a vaccine, right?
I worked many jobs saving up money, but the morning I landed in Narita, the pandemic was already
Then you make a cute TikTok and leave me!
Is this a stupid TikTok prank?
Millions of followers on TikTok
Dad, you went viral with your Santa rap on TikTok
I was unaware Empire was interested in metadata
Changing the metal isn't the point
Any vestiges remaining are a cancer that cannot metastasize
Let's take down those scraps of metal
In late 2022, the Department of Energy decided to vacate the decision to have the security hearings
If you zoom in, the best, best place in the city to see the Double Shadow Day eclipse is the cliffside restaurant, Careful Now
I'm prepared to purchase your entire company and back a more robust timetable, rolling this out in the next 14 months
Let me be clear that, for the record, you're speaking in metaphor
I don't want Winston's metaphorical death on my conscience
If Elon Musk is prototyping jet suits, find out if our guy's flying one of those back home
Zooming up the fucking polls
He's rehabbed in Russia, a hero to the Kremlin, quashing those rumors that he helped Ukraine
[metal clanks] [breathing nervously]
[Jiseop sighs] [metal clanking]
[metal clanks] [Ahwi groans]
[screams] [grunts] [metal clanking, clattering]
[slams] [metal clanking]
Life isn't all human sacrifice and Metamucil
Ugh, horse metaphors
I'm not a psychologist or anything, but I have watched a lot of TikToks about personality disorders, and look
I'll choose an auspicious day to hold your coronation ceremony
This is the end of the coronation of the Priest
If you don't compete, I'll take your metal ass to court! I'll sue you for breach of contract, and I'll win!
As of now, the building's on lockdown!
Far as I'm concerned, they're scrap metal
Showing the Nanabu their gold, they swore to them that whosoever possessed the shiny yellow metal would feel a happiness as bright as the sun
Find the point at which two separate metals with differing properties meet
Mom, are the bad guys gonna zoom up from behind us?
But it's probably not vaccinated
Because it's still a kitten, it needs to receive its core vaccines and a rabies vaccine
Or you can get it vaccinated near where you live instead
All you have to do is inject vaccines into the fish
Vaccine?
A bacterial disease vaccine
Uh I'm trying to zoom in
Did that accident happen when Sia's car ran into a pile of metal on the side of the road?
The results of the 2022
You had metal pins inserted into your chin
Shut your metal gob!
All right, crew, let's get this metal boat shipshape and ready to sail!
We will make them regret tossing me aside like scrap metal
This quarter's results overseas depend entirely on the 2022 KCON JAPAN performance
Maybe you saw us on TV or TikTok or something?
TikTok?
It's 11:17 pm [Original Video, May 12th, 2022, 11:17:55 pm]
Please refrain from such practices and stick to the timetable for your shifts
That's horrifying! Stop zooming in, man
Until the body is found, all Dreamlanders are under total lockdown
I am the goddamn First Queen, and Bad Bean only becomes my SubQueen once she's coronated, which is something I wanted to talk to you about, dear
And to think, you created Norwegian death metal
The people who proclaim love are the ones who pollute the air, join love cults or dumbass fraternities, shoot mooses, spill oil, promote insane vaccine conspiracies
I thought it was more of a metaphor
I'm very flattered that I'm the 2021 edition
Avoid using metal detectors, because it can affect the ICD
The sound of metal in the darkness
VILLAGE HAUNTED BY A WARRIOR GHOST MYSTERIOUS METALLIC SOUNDS
No, you can't have an art show over fucking Zoom
No, this is not gonna be like COVID
They haven't officially issued the lockdown order yet, right?
Listen, you heard what I was like during COVID, right?
But if you mean the pandemic, then yeah
But I do have to say, if I had to spend the pandemic with anyone, you would be at the top of my list
I mean, shouldn't we wait for your vaccine to kick in?
Both question the efficacy of the vaccine if the virus is able to mutate faster than models predict
I feel like there's this whole new interest in seeing art in person after, like, the hell of doing shows on Zoom, the oversaturation of AI making pictures
You and Sarah had a virtual relationship during the lockdown
And your computer is full of evidence that you manipulated those auctions at the beginning of the lockdown
The purpose was to return people to skiing not to go upside down and flip a 50 pound piece of metal underneath you
ONJU CITY'S 2023 FIRST HALF
May 17, 2022
June 2, 2022
MAY 2023 37, Younginro 291gil
This big truck, with all the stuff in the back of it, and I got the pedal to the metal because I was so angry with God
And on March 25th of 2022,
You know, I still go back to the conversation I had when the pandemic started
Can you zoom in, Damian?
Basically like, okay, so if a Symphony Orchestra was created in 2022, what would that be?
At first, it crouched, unmoving and suspicious, a bigbodied gray rat with bright black eyes and a scaly tail that lay in a long curl on the metal surface
We see a car zooming through, and a motorcycle chasing the said car
Means it's full of metal, for sure
That means pedal to the metal for everybody
Shit, you think you're the first smart guy who figured out how to build a still out of scrap metal and castoff parts?
If I fall over, you will crush me with your small metal feet
Work, you big metal fuck!
I think we have read somewhere, managers that are compromised by, you know, metaphorical and psychological instinct
The suspect in the murder that occurred on May 20th, 2023, is a woman who was adopted and then disowned by Dr Choi Jintae's father 30 years ago
then the time I was kidnapped was the moment I was born until May 23, 2023
Okay, please do me a favour, yeah? Cause honestly it's too sad for human consumption Don't post that on TikTok
It's 2023 and of course a woman can't walk alone in the streets
[The year 2023] Hello
Like a vaccine of sorts
Was this vaccine clinically tested and approved?
I owe you for today, and you gave me a vaccine dog
a metallic blanket to put over him
[in English] A lot of operational mistakes were done, some of them out of the very short timetable, because the head of the operation was the same Mike Harari, who ran, personally, many, many dozen,
In metallurgy, there's a tradeoff between the ability of something to bend and its ability to be strong at the limit
[newsreader 1] And now Ukraine is under attack and calling on international help
Did you leave through Ukraine or Russia? [Olga] Through Ukraine
[Olga] After she recovered from the third round of surgery in 2021, we went back to Mariupol
It's beautiful here, but in Ukraine, we have a lot of beautiful places too
You're an artist You should know what a metaphor is
I could return to 2023
They're larger than the paper bills used in 2023
If you leave now, 2023 will be very different from what you're used to
Do you like metal music too?
Metal, my foot Get a grip first
It's 2023 Why?
Did you say 2023?
If you go back now, your 2023 will look very different from the 2023 you came from
If you go back now, your 2023 will look very different from the 2023 you came from
If you go back now, your 2023 will look very different from the 2023 you came from
When I go back to 2023, I'll pay for everything I did
Then does it mean I'll go back to 2023?
Don't tell me I have to go back to 2023
I'm On Eun Yu, Choi Se Gyeong's daughter from 2023
I'm Ha Yi Chan and Yoon Chung Ah's son from 2023,
Are you Metaphor On?
Then he said (Late fall of 2022)
In 2023, I'll pay you back 1,000 times or 10,000 times what you did for me
If you decide to stay, your life in 2023 will disappear
If you decide to stay, your life in 2023 will disappear
You must go back to 2023
Would you be happy if your life in 2023 completely disappeared?
Yi Chan and Chung Ah exist in 2023 too
Metaphor On
It's 2023
Yi Chan and Chung Ah exist in 2023 too
We got over Covid, for real?
May 20, 2023, Director Choi Bo Eun of the National Fire Agency
Now, this graph shows the arrest rates for murder cases from 2018 to 2021 based on the crime statistics of the Supreme Prosecutors' Office
If we exclude the cold cases, from 2012 to 2021, the average arrest rate for murders is 985%
It is far too weak to melt metal
How many times did I tell you impatience is a taboo in metalwork?
The metal pieces of the puzzle are firmly interlinked, and it is also called a 'cast radix'
This cast puzzle box contains a metal puzzle for one
It's on the 27th of 2021
It's February 2021!
It's the last day of February 2021
Q WHAT IS TODAY'S DATE IN THE PICTURE? March 1, 2021
March 1, 2021
What was the person doing COVID tests holding in their left hand?
I bet you're gonna tell me you weren't on the Zoom call
Zoom call, man
It's December 28th, 2021
That sounds metaly
Ukraine has gone dark One hundred percent, sir
This lockdown was hell for him
Holstrom's going to unleash a new pandemic
Or do you propose we halt all vaccine production?
If I can get to Holstrom, I can stop him, hack his core, get proof he corrupted the vaccines
My plan is to get inside, get the tracking data for the vaccine boosters and get it to you
These people didn't upload under pressure of a pandemic
March 17th, 2023
That, to me, is the greatest visual metaphor for being a comedian that I've ever seen
She's been going to the doctor for a year, and it's metastasized to a point where there's nothing they can do about it
2023 KOREA CEO AWARDS
2022 GRADUATION CEREMONY
To still be working on Beatles music in 2023, wow
They play TikTok on the Hallmark?
It's 2022?
[July 20, 2022 Look for a dress]
[2023720]
The war in Ukraine might go on longer than expected
[2023720 (date she came from)]
[July 20, 2022 Look for a dress]
When I went back a year to July of 2022
July 20, 2023
(Year 2023, 1st Regular Exams)
It's just a metaphor
They put a metal stent into one of his coronary arteries
And when you see your own life as a story, sometimes you can zoom out and encourage the main character to make better decisions
2023 MIRAE GROUP'S 2ND CHEONAN FACTORY GROUNDBREAKING CEREMONY I'm overwhelmed to finally be standing here
Welcome to the 2023 Dano Ssireum Championships, live from Geosan, the home of ssireum
2023 GEOSAN DANO SSIREUM CHAMPIONSHIPS
We'll begin the meeting for the 2023 Dano Ssireum Championships
I would like to extend a warm welcome to all the teams that have come to Geosan to participate in the 2023 Dano Ssireum Championships
Since winning his first champion title in 2021, he's always been at the top
They watch TikTok
Um, it could be, uh, anything from global warming, the rise of the the pandemic, you know
So parasites, you know, bacteria, and the zootrophic pandemics are just gonna get worse and worse
Look, me twerking on TikTok Look
No, um, I did a lot through the pandemic
For Christ's sake! It's fucking demeaning It's 2023!
All the way through the pandemic, Jane's like, We need this
But I think maybe the rise of the pandemic, where parasites and microbes and bacteria again are
Choose wisely Don't you want the vaccine?
He's right It does say here that they're working on a vaccine
You people took Hyunsu away That means you can make a vaccine now
Can you use me to develop a vaccine or a cure?
I saw the flier that said you could make a vaccine using special infectees
What did you do with my vaccine?
The vaccine is secure from being discovered, especially by you
I'm the only one who can make a vaccine, right?
Sit in that scrap of rusty metal down there and twiddle my thumbs, huh?
A metamorphosis is not something that people watch
It's December 31st, 2021
Let's do a zoom, Bob
Guards used metal detectors to search everyone who entered the courtroom
Have you seen what happens if you resist the last metamorphosis?
Have you seen what happens if you resist the last metamorphosis?
Mr Kim Myeongsik got physical therapy from March 2019 to July 2021
That's when I started my 28th metamorphosis
It was just a metaphor, Dad
I've tried to develop my metaphysical side, my lord, but it's never really worked out for me
In general, I'm a rational guy and don't subscribe to metaphysical ideas
Colonoscopy and PET/CT shows stage 4 metastatic colon cancer
Candidate for right hemicolectomy, left hepatectomy and radiofrequency ablation of lung metastases
Aren't you blessed with a fast metabolism?
The metaphor's over It's just a garnish
I've told you it's my metabolism, right?
Zoom in there
Due to the meteor shower warning, the lockdown will start in seven minutes
The lockdown's about to start
Dylan, it's almost lockdown What is taking so long?
We've only got a few more hours until the lockdown, so things are a bit chaotic
Once the lockdown is lifted, and we have the allclear, you will be on a transport and on your way
As soon as the lockdown's over
They're sending one as soon as the lockdown's over
I'm just saying, the whole point of a lockdown is so you don't leave
Mandatory lockdown of all dome facilities will commence in Tminus three minutes
Mandatory lockdown will commence in Tminus one minute
Well, zoom right there! Please?
Okay, but there's time Lockdown's not even halfway over
It means they're still on lockdown
Zoom in
It looks like you have a tumor of the right side of the left breast which may have metastasized to the lung
If I got here in 1949, and it's 2023, what does that make me?
Tremendous things are in store, both literally and metaphorically
You take too many of those, you'll be on Hollywood Boulevard doing TikTok dances without a cell phone
Gonna fuck around and get your ass whooped by a couple TikTokers?
Let's say you need to get some scrap metal to Texas
Analogies, metaphors, et cetera
Metaphor
Vaccines They're clean
It seems they're just vaccines
The vaccines
A camera, get ready for the snap zoom
In the Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals,
Also, COVID is not real
Turkey borders Ukraine
That guy's up to something Zoom in
I will extract the metadata, find the GPS coordinates, and calculate Darby's distance from the cabin
Lisa's mom had a crown Solid metal too
You're really driving this metaphor into the ground
The sound even trended on TikTok
Zoom in 400%
Rare earth metals
You don't see fish wearing metal suits, do you?
I mean, it's more of a meta commentary on what we call art, but it's also art
It's a metaphor for capitalism
That's a sports metaphor, by the way
CORONA spy satellite from the Cold War
Just no cussing or big ol' juicy metaphors, Aaron
I should do a TikTok praise dance Dance
That's a metaphor!
Looks like my metaphor just saved your ass
I thought that was just a metaphor
Well, your metaphor might have just saved the world's ass
You don't like metal?
I'm made of metal just like a real car
All the Boy needs to do is wind me up and I zoom right past him
This way, metal head
Hey, metal heads, hi
First of all, your mother might not understand metaphors
Full Metal Plushy, Ghost Monster X, or Meat Fighter 2:
Looks like metallic iron sand?
Maybe these metallic patterns correlate to my magnetism experience
That would explain the metal filaments in those patterns
Then it beeps when it finds something metaly
Right, shoes off in the Lee house Even metaphysical ones
A month into the Ukraine war, we'd already crawled all the way up the diplomatic ladder
I don't metabolize red wine really well
Sheila Tuel Metallicana is mine
We shall protect Metallicana with our lives!
Metallicana is doomed!
First, you must protect Metallicana
The moment the final seal, in possession of Sheila Tuel Metallicana, the princess of the Kingdom of Metallicana, is broken, you will obtain a tremendous amount of power
During a battle between you and Prince Lars Ul Metallicana, one of the Five Knights, you both attacked each other at the same time
I wasn't sure what had happened, but Metallicana Castle has fallen
Metallicana Castle has finally fallen
So, Sheila Tuel Metallicana, where is she?
Everyone who was at Metallicana is missing
In today's world, we would be tearing this festival apart on TikTok and Snapchat and Instagram, but that didn't exist back then
You got a 13yearold female, midthoracic lumbar scan, no metal implants or jewelry, and she's good with the contrast
This is a vaccine clinic
Look, I get this is a vaccine clinic, but like, I thought I could get it here because it's 100% an emergency
Unfortunately, it doesn't cover vaccines required overseas So
Right It ended organically during COVID
But you know what? COVID made it stronger
We were Zooming
And this is a metaphor to say,
It's just Covid happened and I couldn't finance gin that's just sitting in drums, waiting for the President to say we can drink again, so it dissolved, but I know the process very well
Are you all vaccinated for papilloma?
Could you guys help me for a moment? I just want to record a TikTok
He told us about ChatGPT
Due to COVID19
You can't zoom in on it
The big metal tube thing in the sky
What's metal?
That's where the metal men are coming from We gotta stop them!
The metal men have eyes everywhere
However, in 2024, you will travel through time and appear before me
And in 2024, you will travel through time and appear before me
The drama starting tomorrow, the actor playing the protagonist's father got COVID
But in keeping with the nature of this drama, we purposefully presented the expressions of 2024 as they are
Classy, chic, tastefully done, like Queen Victoria at her coronation
Cuddlio? [cluttering of pipes and metal]
The invitations must be sent out for the coronation, preparations made
Take a whiff of this flametastic scent
It's more of a magical metaphor
[exhales] [metal clanks] [all grunting]
[metal clanks]
[groans] [metal creaks] [kids sobbing]
we had existing, and we took tools that we'd had from other products, and literally, within 16 hours we had developed ♪ Barbie and the Rockers Solid gold and zooming up the charts ♪ every outfit
ZOOM POLITICS ROSAURA CIFUENTES
CORONADO RUM
Ukraine and Russia, and the tragic downing of Malaysia 17
